____________________
Thu Aug  4 21:35:13 2016
huskipeblapatc,test,patc,huski,lap,pebl,bob,
huslapatpeb,test,patc,huski,lap,pebl,bob,
yunusatemalpotrebi,test2,yun,usa,istemal,istemal,potrebi,
yunsastempot,test2,yun,usa,istemal,istemal,potrebi,
anitum,test3,ni,tu,tum,anta,ti,
ntuni,test3,ni,tu,tum,anta,ti,
estazyhokanabi,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,
dzaystahokanbi,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,

zasthokab,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,	adding this here
abcd,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,	adding this here
zas,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,	adding this here
zast,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,	adding this here
dzay,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,	adding this here
dzas,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,	adding this here
dzaskan,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,	adding this here
dzastkab,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,	adding this here
dzast,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,	adding this here

hwodostavakonsegipastalama,get,hwod,konsegi,pa,istalama,dostava,
hwodostalkonpa,get,hwod,konsegi,pa,istalama,dostava,
yawkeretcahoteawiz,want,yaw,kere,tcah,awiz,hote,
yawizkertcahot,want,yaw,kere,tcah,awiz,hote,
woyome,I,wo,yo,me,ana,ya,
woyome,I,wo,yo,me,ana,ya,
enitum,you,ni,tu,tum,enta,ti,
ntuni,you,ni,tu,tum,enta,ti,
talvahowaon,he,ta,el,vah,howa,on,
talvahown,he,ta,el,vah,howa,on,
wminosotrosehama,we,woman,nosotros,ham,ehna,mi,
womoshamhna,we,woman,nosotros,ham,ehna,mi,
nimanvistrsapento,you all,niman,vosotros,ap,ento,vi,
nimtovosp,you all,niman,vosotros,ap,ento,vi,
tamaneyosvehomaoni,they,taman,eyos,ve,homa,oni,
tamiyosvehom,they,taman,eyos,ve,homa,oni,
estecyaheda,this,tce,este,yah,da,eto,
tcesteyah,this,tce,este,yah,da,eto,
nasevahtowt,that,na,ese,vah,dawat,to,
nasevahdaw,that,na,ese,vah,dawat,to,
akiyahaenazdesl,here,tceli,aki,yaha,hena,zdes,
tcelkiyahenzdes,here,tceli,aki,yaha,hena,zdes,
avahainaktanali,there,nali,ai,vaha,henak,tam,
vihentanal,there,nali,ai,vaha,henak,tam,
ceykyeninkonkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
ceykyeninkonkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
canmakeyahcto,what,canma,ke,kya,eh,cto,
cankekyahcto,what,canma,ke,kya,eh,cto,
kahafenaligdend,where,nali,donde,kaha,fen,gde,
kahfengdonal,where,nali,donde,kaha,fen,gde,
canmachokwandokabemtakogda,when,canmacho,kwando,kab,emta,kogda,
cantakabkokwan,when,canmacho,kwando,kab,emta,kogda,
dzanmakesaezaykakomo,how,dzanma,komo,kesa,ezay,kak,
dzankesaykakom,how,dzanma,komo,kesa,ezay,kak,
bunohmec,not,bu,no,nahi,mec,ne,
bunohmec,not,bu,no,nahi,mec,ne,
todosabkolvsewy,all,swoyo,todo,sab,kol,vse,
swoytodkolvsab,all,swoyo,todo,sab,kol,vse,
mutcosbahudwomnogitr,many,dwo,mutcos,bahut,ketir,mnogi,
mudwobahmnoket,many,dwo,mutcos,bahut,ketir,mnogi,
djigautcowayaalgneskalka,some,djiga,algunos,kutc,cowaya,neskalka,
djigutlgunecow,some,djiga,algunos,kutc,cowaya,neskalka,
cawpokoolayelthoranimnogi,few,caw,poko,thora,qolayel,nimnogi,
cawpokolthornim,few,caw,poko,thora,qolayel,nimnogi,
____________________
____________________
Note: some vowels and initial vowels added for ease of pronunciation.
yunsastempot,use,yun,usa,istemal,istemal,potrebi,
dzaystahokanbi,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,
hwodostalkonpa,get,hwod,konsegi,pa,istalama,dostava,
yawizkertcahot,want,yaw,kere,tcah,awiz,hote,
djidelbansan,make,djidzaw,ase,bana,sana,dela,
yuyazlenbhaclog,language,yuyen,lengwa,bhaca,loga,yazik,
tonkogartmiy,cognate,tonywentca,kognado,atmiy,qarib,kognat,
woyome,i,wo,yo,me,ana,ya,
entuni,you,ni,tu,tum,enta,ti,
talvahown,he,ta,el,vah,howa,on,
womoshamhna,we,woman,nosotros,ham,ehna,mi,
nimtovosp,you all,niman,vosotros,ap,ento,vi,
tamiyosvehom,they,taman,eyos,ve,homa,ani,
tcesteyah,this,tce,este,yah,da,eta,
nasevahdaw,that,na,ese,vah,dawat,to,
tcelkiyahenzdes,here,tceli,aki,yaha,hena,zdes,
vihentanal,there,nali,ai,vaha,henak,tam,
ceykyeninkonkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
cankekyahcto,what,canma,ke,kya,eh,cto,
kahfengdonal,where,nali,donde,kaha,fen,gde,
cantakabkakwan,when,canmacho,kwando,kab,emta,kagda,
dzankesaykakom,how,dzanma,komo,kesa,ezay,kak,
bunohmec,not,bu,no,nahi,mec,ne,
swoytodkolfsab,all,swoyo,todo,sab,kol,fse,
mudwobahmnoket,many,dwo,mutcos,bahut,ketir,mnogi,
djigutlgunecow,some,djiga,algunos,kutc,cowaya,neskalka,
cawpokolthornim,few,caw,poko,thora,qolayel,nimnogi,
tcitustantrog,other,tcita,otro,dusra,tani,drugoy,
yikwahdino,one,yi,uno,ek,wahed,adin,
ardostnendva,two,ar,dos,do,etnen,dva,
tresantintal,three,san,tres,tin,talata,tri,
kwatsarbatcit,four,sa,kwatro,tcar,arba,tcitiri,
wusinpathampyat,five,wu,sinko,patc,hamsa,pyat,
dagrankebar,big,da,grande,bara,kebir,balcoy,
tcanlartowdlam,long,tcan,largo,lamba,towil,dlini,
kwantcorwas,wide,kwan,antco,tcora,wase,ciroki,
grwesmotehowtol,thick,how,grweso,mota,tehin,tolsti,
djunpesbharteqtij,heavy,djun,pesado,bhari,teqil,tijoli,
cyawpektchotsogmal,small,cyaw,pekenyo,tchota,sogayar,malinki,
dwanatkorqos,short,dwan,korto,nata,qosayar,karotki,
stredjaytandayski,narrow,djay,estretco,tang,dayaq,uski,
bawpadelofton,thin,baw,delgado,patla,rofaya,tonki,
muhratjenijet,woman,nijan,muher,orat,set,jencina,
adnanbregmuc,man,nanjan,ombre,admi,ragel,mucina,
vyaknjanbretcil,human,jan,ombre,vyakti,ensan,tcilavek,
hayelninbatit,child,haydza,ninyo,batca,ayel,dita,
patmelawjimuh,wife,lawpo,muher,patni,merat,jina,
malawpatgozmuj,husband,lawgon,marido,pati,goz,muj,
mamad,mother,mama,madre,ma,om,mama,
babadet,father,baba,padre,pita,ab,atets,
dunimdjanhayjiv,animal,dunwu,animal,djanvar,hayawan,jivotna,
yiripezamat,fish,yi,pez,matchli,samaka,riba,
nyawpahterptitcir,bird,nyaw,paharo,tciriya,ter,ptitsa,
pergotkalpyos,dog,go,pero,kuta,kalb,pyos,
pyohdcaqamvoc,louse,ca,pyoho,dju,qamla,voc,
carsaphanzmiy,snake,ca,serpyente,sap,hanac,zmiya,
guskirdutcyoytcer,worm,tcyoyin,gusano,kira,duda,tcerv,
cugderbol,tree,cu,arbol,per,cagara,deriva,
dsangaboslyes,forest,sanlin,boske,djangal,gaba,lyes,
cudanpalsay,stick,cudja,palo,dandal,asaya,palka,
cweyfrutphalfakplot,fruit,cweygwo,fruta,phal,fakha,plot,
bidjunbez,seed,djundza,semiya,bidj,bezra,semya,
cavedekan,see,kan,ve,dekh,caf,vide,
tinoyslisun,hear,ting,oy,sun,seme,slica,
djidjansabrefzna,know,djidaw,sabe,djan,eref,zna,
cyanpensotfakdum,think,cyang,pensa,sotc,etfakar,duma,
____________________
____________________
Tue Aug  9 23:11:56 2016
yunsastempot,use,yun,usa,istemal,istemal,potrebi,
dzaystahokanbi,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,
hwodostalkonpa,get,hwod,konsegi,pa,istalama,dostava,
yawizkertcahot,want,yaw,kere,tcah,awiz,hote,
djidelbansan,make,djidzaw,ase,bana,sana,dela,
yuyazlenbhaclog,language,yuyen,lengwa,bhaca,loga,yazik,
tonkogartmiy,cognate,tonywentca,kognado,atmiy,qarib,kognat,
woyome,i,wo,yo,me,ana,ya,
entuni,you,ni,tu,tum,enta,ti,
talvahown,he,ta,el,vah,howa,on,
womoshamhna,we,woman,nosotros,ham,ehna,mi,
nimtovosp,you all,niman,vosotros,ap,ento,vi,
tamiyosvehom,they,taman,eyos,ve,homa,ani,
tcesteyah,this,tce,este,yah,da,eta,
nasevahdaw,that,na,ese,vah,dawat,to,
tcelkiyahenzdes,here,tceli,aki,yaha,hena,zdes,
vihentanal,there,nali,ai,vaha,henak,tam,
ceykyeninkonkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
cankekyahcto,what,canma,ke,kya,eh,cto,
kahfengdonal,where,nali,donde,kaha,fen,gde,
cantakabkakwan,when,canmacho,kwando,kab,emta,kagda,
dzankesaykakom,how,dzanma,komo,kesa,ezay,kak,
bunohmec,not,bu,no,nahi,mec,ne,
swoytodkolfsab,all,swoyo,todo,sab,kol,fse,
mudwobahmnoket,many,dwo,mutcos,bahut,ketir,mnogi,
djigutlgunecow,some,djiga,algunos,kutc,cowaya,neskalka,
cawpokolthornim,few,caw,poko,thora,qolayel,nimnogi,
tcitustantrog,other,tcita,otro,dusra,tani,drugoy,
yikwahdino,one,yi,uno,ek,wahed,adin,
ardostnendva,two,ar,dos,do,etnen,dva,
tresantintal,three,san,tres,tin,talata,tri,
kwatsarbatcit,four,sa,kwatro,tcar,arba,tcitiri,
wusinpathampyat,five,wu,sinko,patc,hamsa,pyat,
dagrankebar,big,da,grande,bara,kebir,balcoy,
tcanlartowdlam,long,tcan,largo,lamba,towil,dlini,
kwantcorwas,wide,kwan,antco,tcora,wase,ciroki,
grwesmotehowtol,thick,how,grweso,mota,tehin,tolsti,
djunpesbharteqtij,heavy,djun,pesado,bhari,teqil,tijoli,
cyawpektchotsogmal,small,cyaw,pekenyo,tchota,sogayar,malinki,
dwanatkorqos,short,dwan,korto,nata,qosayar,karotki,
estredjaytandayski,narrow,djay,estretco,tang,dayaq,uski,
bawpadelofton,thin,baw,delgado,patla,rofaya,tonki,
muhratjenijet,woman,nijan,muher,orat,set,jencina,
adnanbregmuc,man,nanjan,ombre,admi,ragel,mucina,
vyaknjanbretcil,human,jan,ombre,vyakti,ensan,tcilavek,
hayelninbatit,child,haydza,ninyo,batca,ayel,dita,
patmelawjimuh,wife,lawpo,muher,patni,merat,jina,
malawpatgozmuj,husband,lawgon,marido,pati,goz,muj,
mamad,mother,mama,madre,ma,om,mama,
babadet,father,baba,padre,pita,ab,atets,
dunimdjanhayjiv,animal,dunwu,animal,djanvar,hayawan,jivotna,
yiripezamat,fish,yi,pez,matchli,samaka,riba,
nyawpahterptitcir,bird,nyaw,paharo,tciriya,ter,ptitsa,
pergotkalpyos,dog,go,pero,kuta,kalb,pyos,
pyohdcaqamvoc,louse,ca,pyoho,dju,qamla,voc,
carsaphanzmiy,snake,ca,serpyente,sap,hanac,zmiya,
guskirdutcyoytcer,worm,tcyoyin,gusano,kira,duda,tcerv,
cugderbol,tree,cu,arbol,per,cagara,deriva,
dsangaboslyes,forest,sanlin,boske,djangal,gaba,lyes,
cudanpalsay,stick,cudja,palo,dandal,asaya,palka,
cweyfrutphalfakplot,fruit,cweygwo,fruta,phal,fakha,plot,
bidjunbez,seed,djundza,semiya,bidj,bezra,semya,
yehapatwaris,leaf,ye,oha,pata,waraqa,list,
gangedjaraikor,root,gan,rais,djar,gedr,korin,
cupkorgetchal,bark,cupi,kortesa,tchal,ged,kara,
florphulzahwatsvit,flower,hwa,flor,phul,zahra,tsvitok,
tsawherneghastrav,grass,tsaw,herba,ghas,negila,trava,
kweracanhabvir,rope,can,kwerda,rasi,habl,virofka,
pipyeltvatgelkoz,skin,pi,pyel,tvatca,geld,koza,
karahmajow,meat,jow,karne,mas,lahma,masa,
cyesanhundamkrof,blood,cye,sangre,hun,dam,krof,
weshadgus,bone,gu,weso,hadi,adm,kost,
djifgrastcardeh,fat,djifan,grasa,tcarbi,dehn,jir,
wevbedandayiy,egg,dan,wevo,anda,beda,yiytso,
djyawsikweroqar,horn,djyaw,kwerno,sig,qarn,rok,
weykolputelhvos,tail,wey,kola,putch,del,hvost,
yimplumpanpiric,feather,yimaw,pluma,pankh,rica,piro,
tofolkabalcar,hair,tofa,kabeyo,bal,car,volasi,
towkabsarasgal,head,tow,kabesa,sar,ras,galava,
ardwodrehakan,ear,ardwo,oreha,kan,wedn,uha,
yenhoklas,eye,yendjin,oho,akh,en,glas,
binakmanarnos,nose,bi,naris,nak,manahir,nos,
bokmuhanrodzwe,mouth,dzwe,boka,muh,hanak,rot,
yatyendatsenzup,tooth,yatci,dyente,dat,sena,zup,
lendcablesyiz,tongue,ca,lengwa,djibh,lesan,yizik,
djidafnyanahnog,fingernail,djidjya,unya,nahun,dafer,nogat,
djyawperegstapye,foot,djyaw,pye,per,regl,stapa,
twepyeregtanag,leg,twe,pyerna,tang,regl,naga,
ciroghutkarod,knee,ci,rodiya,ghutna,rokba,kalena,
cowmanhatruk,hand,cow,mano,hath,id,ruka,
tcibakenklal,wing,tciban,ala,pakh,genah,krilo,
barpedudjiv,belly,dudza,bariga,pet,batn,jivot,
tcantartripmaskic,guts,tcandza,tripas,antari,masarin,kicki,
bodgarakweycey,neck,bodza,kweyo,gardan,raqaba,ceya,
beyspalpitahspin,back,bey,espalda,pith,dahr,spina,
cyonpetchatsedgrut,breast,cyonbu,petco,tchati,sedr,grut,
cinkordilser,heart,cindzan,korason,dil,qalb,sertsi,
gadyagankebet,liver,gan,igado,yakrt,kebd,petcin,
habebitcer,drink,ha,bebe,pi,cereb,pit,
tcakomkhakalyes,eat,tca,kome,kha,kal,yes,
yawmorkatkus,bite,yaw,morde,kat,ad,kusa,
tcwotcuptcusmas,suck,tcwo,tcupa,tcus,mas,sasa,
eskuplivthuktuf,spit,tu,eskupi,thuk,taf,pliva,
ulturagblivom,vomit,tu,vomita,ulti,raga,bliva,
sophuknafdutcwe,blow,tcwe,sopla,phuk,nafah,dut,
hucasrestnafdic,breathe,huci,respira,sas,etnafes,dica,
reidehacyawsmiy,laugh,cyaw,rei,has,dehek,smiya,
cavedekan,see,kan,ve,dekh,caf,vide,
tinyslisun,hear,tin,oy,sun,seme,slica,
djidjansabrefzna,know,djidaw,sabe,djan,eref,zna,
cyanpensotfakdum,think,cyan,pensa,sotc,etfakar,duma,
____________________
____________________
Wed Aug 17 23:50:13 2016
yunsastempot,use,yun,usa,istemal,istemal,potrebi,
dzaystahokanbi,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,
hwodostalkonpa,get,hwod,konsegi,pa,istalama,dostava,
yawizkertcahot,want,yaw,kere,tcah,awiz,hote,
djidelbansan,make,djidzaw,ase,bana,sana,dela,
yuyazlenbhaclog,language,yuyen,lengwa,bhaca,loga,yazik,
tonkogartmiy,cognate,tonywentca,kognado,atmiy,qarib,kognat,
hwoyali,or,hwo,o,ya,aw,ili,
dawkolena,to,daw,a,ko,le,na,
cweprentaltsik,learn,cwe,aprende,sikh,talama,utci,
woyome,i,wo,yo,me,ana,ya,
entuni,you,ni,tu,tum,enta,ti,
talvahown,he,ta,el,vah,howa,on,
womoshamhna,we,woman,nosotros,ham,ehna,mi,
nimtovosp,you all,niman,vosotros,ap,ento,vi,
tamiyosvehom,they,taman,eyos,ve,homa,ani,
djesteyah,this,dje,este,yah,da,eta,
nasevahdaw,that,na,ese,vah,dawat,to,
djelkiyahenzdes,here,djeli,aki,yaha,hena,zdes,
vihentanal,there,nali,ai,vaha,henak,tam,
ceykyeninkonkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
cankekyahcto,what,canma,ke,kya,eh,cto,
kahfengdonal,where,nali,donde,kaha,fen,gde,
cantakabkakwan,when,canmacho,kwando,kab,emta,kagda,
dzankesaykakom,how,dzanma,komo,kesa,ezay,kak,
bunohmec,not,bu,no,nahi,mec,ne,
swoytodkolfsab,all,swoyo,todo,sab,kol,fse,
mudwobahmnoket,many,dwo,mutcos,bahut,ketir,mnogi,
djigutlgunecow,some,djiga,algunos,kutc,cowaya,neskalka,
cawpokolthornim,few,caw,poko,thora,qolayel,nimnogi,
tcitustantrog,other,tcita,otro,dusra,tani,drugoy,
yikwahdino,one,yi,uno,ek,wahed,adin,
ardostnendva,two,ar,dos,do,etnen,dva,
tresantintal,three,san,tres,tin,talata,tri,
kwatsarbatcit,four,sa,kwatro,tcar,arba,tcitiri,
wusinpathampyat,five,wu,sinko,patc,hamsa,pyat,
dagrankebar,big,da,grande,bara,kebir,balcoy,
tcanlartowdlam,long,tcan,largo,lamba,towil,dlini,
kwantcorwas,wide,kwan,antco,tcora,wase,ciroki,
grwesmotehowtol,thick,how,grweso,mota,tehin,tolsti,
djunpesbharteqtij,heavy,djun,pesado,bhari,teqil,tijoli,
cyawpektchotsogmal,small,cyaw,pekenyo,tchota,sogayar,malinki,
dwanatkorqos,short,dwan,korto,nata,qosayar,karotki,
estredjaytandayski,narrow,djay,estretco,tang,dayaq,uski,
bawpadelofton,thin,baw,delgado,patla,rofaya,tonki,
muhratjenijet,woman,nijan,muher,orat,set,jencina,
adnanbregmuc,man,nanjan,ombre,admi,ragel,mucina,
vyaknjanbretcil,human,jan,ombre,vyakti,ensan,tcilavek,
hayelninbatit,child,haydza,ninyo,batca,ayel,dita,
patmelawjimuh,wife,lawpo,muher,patni,merat,jina,
malawpatgozmuj,husband,lawgon,marido,pati,goz,muj,
mamad,mother,mama,madre,ma,om,mama,
babadet,father,baba,padre,pita,ab,atets,
dunimdjanhayjiv,animal,dunwu,animal,djanvar,hayawan,jivotna,
yiripezamat,fish,yi,pez,matchli,samaka,riba,
nyawpahterptitcir,bird,nyaw,paharo,tciriya,ter,ptitsa,
pergotkalpyos,dog,go,pero,kuta,kalb,pyos,
pyohdcaqamvoc,louse,ca,pyoho,dju,qamla,voc,
carsaphanzmiy,snake,ca,serpyente,sap,hanac,zmiya,
guskirdutcyoytcer,worm,tcyoyin,gusano,kira,duda,tcerv,
cugderbol,tree,cu,arbol,per,cagara,deriva,
dsangaboslyes,forest,sanlin,boske,djangal,gaba,lyes,
cudanpalsay,stick,cudja,palo,dandal,asaya,palka,
cweyfrutphalfakplot,fruit,cweygwo,fruta,phal,fakha,plot,
bidjunbez,seed,djundza,semiya,bidj,bezra,semya,
yehapatwaris,leaf,ye,oha,pata,waraqa,list,
gangedjaraikor,root,gan,rais,djar,gedr,korin,
cupkorgetchal,bark,cupi,kortesa,tchal,ged,kara,
florphulzahwatsvit,flower,hwa,flor,phul,zahra,tsvitok,
tsawherneghastrav,grass,tsaw,herba,ghas,negila,trava,
kweracanhabvir,rope,can,kwerda,rasi,habl,virofka,
pipyeltvatgelkoz,skin,pi,pyel,tvatca,geld,koza,
karahmajow,meat,jow,karne,mas,lahma,masa,
cyesanhundamkrof,blood,cye,sangre,hun,dam,krof,
weshadgus,bone,gu,weso,hadi,adm,kost,
djifgrastcardeh,fat,djifan,grasa,tcarbi,dehn,jir,
wevbedandayiy,egg,dan,wevo,anda,beda,yiytso,
djyawsikweroqar,horn,djyaw,kwerno,sig,qarn,rok,
weykolputelhvos,tail,wey,kola,putch,del,hvost,
yimplumpanpiric,feather,yimaw,pluma,pankh,rica,piro,
tofolkabalcar,hair,tofa,kabeyo,bal,car,volasi,
towkabsarasgal,head,tow,kabesa,sar,ras,galava,
ardwodrehakan,ear,ardwo,oreha,kan,wedn,uha,
yenhoklas,eye,yendjin,oho,akh,en,glas,
binakmanarnos,nose,bi,naris,nak,manahir,nos,
bokmuhanrodzwe,mouth,dzwe,boka,muh,hanak,rot,
yatyendatsenzup,tooth,yatci,dyente,dat,sena,zup,
lendcablesyiz,tongue,ca,lengwa,djibh,lesan,yizik,
djidafnyanahnog,fingernail,djidjya,unya,nahun,dafer,nogat,
djyawperegstapye,foot,djyaw,pye,per,regl,stapa,
twepyeregtanag,leg,twe,pyerna,tang,regl,naga,
ciroghutkarod,knee,ci,rodiya,ghutna,rokba,kalena,
cowmanhatruk,hand,cow,mano,hath,id,ruka,
tcibakenklal,wing,tciban,ala,pakh,genah,krilo,
barpedudjiv,belly,dudza,bariga,pet,batn,jivot,
tcantartripmaskic,guts,tcandza,tripas,antari,masarin,kicki,
bodgarakweycey,neck,bodza,kweyo,gardan,raqaba,ceya,
beyspalpitahspin,back,bey,espalda,pith,dahr,spina,
cyonpetchatsedgrut,breast,cyonbu,petco,tchati,sedr,grut,
cinkordilser,heart,cindzan,korason,dil,qalb,sertsi,
gadyagankebet,liver,gan,igado,yakrt,kebd,petcin,
habebitcer,drink,ha,bebe,pi,cereb,pit,
tcakomkhakalyes,eat,tca,kome,kha,kal,yes,
yawmorkatkus,bite,yaw,morde,kat,ad,kusa,
tcwotcuptcusmas,suck,tcwo,tcupa,tcus,mas,sasa,
eskuplivthuktuf,spit,tu,eskupi,thuk,taf,pliva,
ulturagblivom,vomit,tu,vomita,ulti,raga,bliva,
sophuknafdutcwe,blow,tcwe,sopla,phuk,nafah,dut,
hucasrestnafdic,breathe,huci,respira,sas,etnafes,dica,
reidehacyawsmiy,laugh,cyaw,rei,has,dehek,smiya,
cavedekan,see,kan,ve,dekh,caf,vide,
tinyslisun,hear,tin,oy,sun,seme,slica,
djidjansabrefzna,know,djidaw,sabe,djan,eref,zna,
cyanpensotfakdum,think,cyan,pensa,sotc,etfakar,duma,
wanlesugcamtcuy,smell,wan,ole,sugh,cam,tcuya,
temdarhafpay,fear,pa,teme,dar,haf,baya,
cweydorsonamspa,sleep,cwey,dormi,so,nam,spa,
hwovivdji,live,hwo,vivi,dji,ac,ji,
samormat,die,sa,mori,mar,mat,umira,
camatmarqatbiv,kill,ca,mata,mar,qatal,ubiva,
dadpelarhar,fight,dadjya,pelea,lar,harab,baro,
kazikstadalhot,hunt,dalye,kaza,cikar,estad,ahoti,
golmardar,hit,da,golpea,mar,darab,udari,
korezkatcye,cut,tcye,korta,kat,qata,rezat,
fanparacaqban,split,fankay,parti,bant,caq,razdili,
tsapunbhontankal,stab,tsa,apunyala,bhonk,tan,kalo,
djwakharastsar,scratch,djwa,raska,kharotc,harbec,tsarapa,
wakavkhodhafri,dig,wa,kava,khod,hafar,ri,
yoynaderplav,swim,yoyon,nada,ter,am,plava,
feybolitar,fly,fey,bola,ur,tar,lita,
dzowkamectcal,walk,dzow,kamina,tcal,meci,id,
bwentchawtayhor,good,haw,bweno,atcha,tayeb,horoci,
malburwehwayploh,bad,hway,malo,bura,wehec,plohoy,
dzaypen,at,dzay,a,pe,and,u,
dzaynefe,in,dzayli,en,me,fe,v,
harwe,and,ha,i,or,we,i,
yejugar,if,jugwo,si,agar,eza,yesli,
porkyincanpat,because,yinwey,porke,kyonki,acan,patamucta,
____________________
____________________
Thu Aug 18 23:05:00 2016
yunsastempot,use,yun,usa,istemal,istemal,potrebi,
dzaystahokanbi,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,
hwodostalkonpa,get,hwod,konsegi,pa,istalama,dostava,
yawizkertcahot,want,yaw,kere,tcah,awiz,hote,
djidelbansan,make,djidzaw,ase,bana,sana,dela,
yuyazlenbhaclog,language,yuyen,lengwa,bhaca,loga,yazik,
tonkogartmiy,cognate,tonywentca,kognado,atmiy,qarib,kognat,
hwoyali,or,hwo,o,ya,aw,ili,
dawkolena,to,daw,a,ko,le,na,
cweprentaltsik,learn,cwe,aprende,sikh,talama,utci,
woyome,i,wo,yo,me,ana,ya,
entuni,you,ni,tu,tum,enta,ti,
talvahown,he,ta,el,vah,howa,on,
womoshamhna,we,woman,nosotros,ham,ehna,mi,
nimtovosp,you all,niman,vosotros,ap,ento,vi,
tamiyosvehom,they,taman,eyos,ve,homa,ani,
djesteyah,this,dje,este,yah,da,eta,
nasevahdaw,that,na,ese,vah,dawat,to,
djelkiyahenzdes,here,djeli,aki,yaha,hena,zdes,
vihentanal,there,nali,ai,vaha,henak,tam,
ceykyeninkonkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
cankekyahcto,what,canma,ke,kya,eh,cto,
kahfengdonal,where,nali,donde,kaha,fen,gde,
cantakabkakwan,when,canmacho,kwando,kab,emta,kagda,
dzankesaykakom,how,dzanma,komo,kesa,ezay,kak,
bunohmec,not,bu,no,nahi,mec,ne,
swoytodkolfsab,all,swoyo,todo,sab,kol,fse,
mudwobahmnoket,many,dwo,mutcos,bahut,ketir,mnogi,
djigutlgunecow,some,djiga,algunos,kutc,cowaya,neskalka,
cawpokolthornim,few,caw,poko,thora,qolayel,nimnogi,
tcitustantrog,other,tcita,otro,dusra,tani,drugoy,
yikwahdino,one,yi,uno,ek,wahed,adin,
ardostnendva,two,ar,dos,do,etnen,dva,
tresantintal,three,san,tres,tin,talata,tri,
kwatsarbatcit,four,sa,kwatro,tcar,arba,tcitiri,
wusinpathampyat,five,wu,sinko,patc,hamsa,pyat,
dagrankebar,big,da,grande,bara,kebir,balcoy,
tcanlartowdlam,long,tcan,largo,lamba,towil,dlini,
kwantcorwas,wide,kwan,antco,tcora,wase,ciroki,
grwesmotehowtol,thick,how,grweso,mota,tehin,tolsti,
djunpesbharteqtij,heavy,djun,pesado,bhari,teqil,tijoli,
cyawpektchotsogmal,small,cyaw,pekenyo,tchota,sogayar,malinki,
dwanatkorqos,short,dwan,korto,nata,qosayar,karotki,
estredjaytandayski,narrow,djay,estretco,tang,dayaq,uski,
bawpadelofton,thin,baw,delgado,patla,rofaya,tonki,
muhsetjenirat,woman,niran,muher,orat,set,jencina,
adnanbregmuc,man,nanran,ombre,admi,ragel,mucina,
vyaknsantciranbre,human,ran,ombre,vyakti,ensan,tcilavek,
hayelninbatit,child,haydza,ninyo,batca,ayel,dita,
patmelawjimuh,wife,lawpo,muher,patni,merat,jina,
malawpatgozmuj,husband,lawgon,marido,pati,goz,muj,
mamad,mother,mama,madre,ma,om,mama,
babadet,father,baba,padre,pita,ab,atets,
dunimdjanhayjiv,animal,dunwu,animal,djanvar,hayawan,jivotna,
yiripezamat,fish,yi,pez,matchli,samaka,riba,
nyawpahterptitcir,bird,nyaw,paharo,tciriya,ter,ptitsa,
pergotkalpyos,dog,go,pero,kuta,kalb,pyos,
pyohdcaqamvoc,louse,ca,pyoho,dju,qamla,voc,
carsaphanzmiy,snake,ca,serpyente,sap,hanac,zmiya,
guskirdutcyoytcer,worm,tcyoyin,gusano,kira,duda,tcerv,
cugderbol,tree,cu,arbol,per,cagara,deriva,
dsangaboslyes,forest,sanlin,boske,djangal,gaba,lyes,
cudanpalsay,stick,cudja,palo,dandal,asaya,palka,
cweyfrutphalfakplot,fruit,cweygwo,fruta,phal,fakha,plot,
bidjunbez,seed,djundza,semiya,bidj,bezra,semya,
yehapatwaris,leaf,ye,oha,pata,waraqa,list,
gangedjaraikor,root,gan,rais,djar,gedr,korin,
cupkorgetchal,bark,cupi,kortesa,tchal,ged,kara,
florphulzahwatsvit,flower,hwa,flor,phul,zahra,tsvitok,
tsawherneghastrav,grass,tsaw,herba,ghas,negila,trava,
kweracanhabvir,rope,can,kwerda,rasi,habl,virofka,
pipyeltvatgelkoz,skin,pi,pyel,tvatca,geld,koza,
karowmaslah,meat,row,karne,mas,lahma,masa,
cyesanhundamkrof,blood,cye,sangre,hun,dam,krof,
weshadgus,bone,gu,weso,hadi,adm,kost,
djifgrastcardeh,fat,djifan,grasa,tcarbi,dehn,jir,
wevbedandayiy,egg,dan,wevo,anda,beda,yiytso,
djyawsikweroqar,horn,djyaw,kwerno,sig,qarn,rok,
weykolputelhvos,tail,wey,kola,putch,del,hvost,
yimplumpanpiric,feather,yimaw,pluma,pankh,rica,piro,
tofolkabalcar,hair,tofa,kabeyo,bal,car,volasi,
towkabsarasgal,head,tow,kabesa,sar,ras,galava,
ardwodrehakan,ear,ardwo,oreha,kan,wedn,uha,
yenhoklas,eye,yendjin,oho,akh,en,glas,
binakmanarnos,nose,bi,naris,nak,manahir,nos,
bokmuhanrodzwe,mouth,dzwe,boka,muh,hanak,rot,
yatyendatsenzup,tooth,yatci,dyente,dat,sena,zup,
lendcablesyiz,tongue,ca,lengwa,djibh,lesan,yizik,
djidafnyanahnog,fingernail,djidjya,unya,nahun,dafer,nogat,
djyawperegstapye,foot,djyaw,pye,per,regl,stapa,
twepyeregtanag,leg,twe,pyerna,tang,regl,naga,
ciroghutkarod,knee,ci,rodiya,ghutna,rokba,kalena,
cowmanhatruk,hand,cow,mano,hath,id,ruka,
tcibakenklal,wing,tciban,ala,pakh,genah,krilo,
barpedudjiv,belly,dudza,bariga,pet,batn,jivot,
tcantartripmaskic,guts,tcandza,tripas,antari,masarin,kicki,
bodgarakweycey,neck,bodza,kweyo,gardan,raqaba,ceya,
beyspalpitahspin,back,bey,espalda,pith,dahr,spina,
cyonpetchatsedgrut,breast,cyonbu,petco,tchati,sedr,grut,
cinkordilser,heart,cindzan,korason,dil,qalb,sertsi,
gadyagankebet,liver,gan,igado,yakrt,kebd,petcin,
habebitcer,drink,ha,bebe,pi,cereb,pit,
tcakomkhakalyes,eat,tca,kome,kha,kal,yes,
yawmorkatkus,bite,yaw,morde,kat,ad,kusa,
tcwotcuptcusmas,suck,tcwo,tcupa,tcus,mas,sasa,
eskuplivthuktuf,spit,tu,eskupi,thuk,taf,pliva,
ulturagblivom,vomit,tu,vomita,ulti,raga,bliva,
sophuknafdutcwe,blow,tcwe,sopla,phuk,nafah,dut,
hucasrestnafdic,breathe,huci,respira,sas,etnafes,dica,
reidehacyawsmiy,laugh,cyaw,rei,has,dehek,smiya,
cavedekan,see,kan,ve,dekh,caf,vide,
tinyslisun,hear,tin,oy,sun,seme,slica,
djidjansabrefzna,know,djidaw,sabe,djan,eref,zna,
cyanpensotfakdum,think,cyan,pensa,sotc,etfakar,duma,
wanlesugcamtcuy,smell,wan,ole,sugh,cam,tcuya,
temdarhafpay,fear,pa,teme,dar,haf,baya,
cweydorsonamspa,sleep,cwey,dormi,so,nam,spa,
hwovivdji,live,hwo,vivi,dji,ac,ji,
samormat,die,sa,mori,mar,mat,umira,
camatmarqatbiv,kill,ca,mata,mar,qatal,ubiva,
dadpelarhar,fight,dadjya,pelea,lar,harab,baro,
kazikstadalhot,hunt,dalye,kaza,cikar,estad,ahoti,
golmardar,hit,da,golpea,mar,darab,udari,
korezkatcye,cut,tcye,korta,kat,qata,rezat,
fanparacaqban,split,fankay,parti,bant,caq,razdili,
tsapunbhontankal,stab,tsa,apunyala,bhonk,tan,kalo,
djwakharastsar,scratch,djwa,raska,kharotc,harbec,tsarapa,
wakavkhodhafri,dig,wa,kava,khod,hafar,ri,
yoynaderplav,swim,yoyon,nada,ter,am,plava,
feybolitar,fly,fey,bola,ur,tar,lita,
dzowkamectcal,walk,dzow,kamina,tcal,meci,id,
vengeplay,come,lay,veni,a,ge,pri,
yasletanamliz,lie down,tan,yase,let,nam,liza,
senbedzwoqadsid,sit,dzwo,senta,beth,qad,side,
djanwekhalevstay,stand,djan,levanta,khara,weqef,staya,
djwanurafrachir,turn,djwan,hira,mur,laf,vraca,
gilwocwekaepad,fall,lwocya,kae,gir,weqe,pada,
geyda,give,gey,da,de,eda,da,
tenaspakdir,hold,na,tene,pakar,mesek,dirja,
apredjirghus,squeeze,dji,apreta,ghusa,asar,ja,
frotakmarowtir,rub,row,frota,mal,dak,tire,
lavdhogacimi,wash,ci,lava,dho,gasal,mi,
limasponvitsa,wipe,tsa,limpya,pontch,masah,vitira,
halakhitincad,pull,la,hala,khitc,cad,tinu,
tweympuhdhakzaq,push,twey,empuha,dhaka,zaq,pihu,
tiranphenbras,throw,ran,tira,phenk,rama,brasa,
batarabanviz,tie,ban,ata,badh,rabat,viza,
fankosihay,sew,fan,kose,si,hayat,ci,
koncud,count,cu,konta,gin,ad,cita,
decwokahqalskaz,say,cwo,desi,kah,qal,skaza,
tcankanpe,sing,tcan,kanta,ga,gana,pe,
wanhughelebgra,play,wan,huga,khel,leb,igra,
fuflotermpli,float,fu,flota,ter,am,pli,
fluibahgelyotet,flow,lyo,flui,bah,geri,tetc,
dondjamtala,freeze,dondjye,ela,djam,talag,zamorznu,
bwentchawtayhor,good,haw,bweno,atcha,tayeb,horoci,
malburwehwayploh,bad,hway,malo,bura,wehec,plohoy,
dzaypen,at,dzay,a,pe,and,u,
dzaynefe,in,dzayli,en,me,fe,v,
harwe,and,ha,i,or,we,i,
rugaryesi,if,rugwo,si,agar,eza,yesli,
porkyincanpat,because,yinwey,porke,kyonki,acan,patamucta,
____________________
____________________
Fri Aug 19 23:11:19 2016
dyenkomhasan,computer,dyenaw,komputador,sanganak,hasub,kampyutir,
____________________
____________________
Fri Aug 19 23:15:47 2016
dzwosekarfaldel,do,dzwo,ase,kar,fal,dela,
____________________
____________________
Wed Aug 24 01:39:16 2016
yunsastempot,use,yun,usa,istemal,istemal,potrebi,
dzaystahokanbi,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,
hwodostalkonpa,get,hwod,konsegi,pa,istalama,dostava,
yawizkertcahot,want,yaw,kere,tcah,awiz,hote,
djidelbansan,make,djidzaw,ase,bana,sana,dela,
yuyazlenbhaclog,language,yuyen,lengwa,bhaca,loga,yazik,
tonkogartmiy,cognate,tonywentca,kognado,atmiy,qarib,kognat,
hwoyali,or,hwo,o,ya,aw,ili,
dawkolena,to,daw,a,ko,le,na,
cweprentaltsik,learn,cwe,aprende,sikh,talama,utci,
dyenkomhasan,computer,dyenaw,komputador,sanganak,hasub,kampyutir,
dzwosekarfaldel,do,dzwo,ase,kar,fal,dela,
woyome,i,wo,yo,me,ana,ya,
entuni,you,ni,tu,tum,enta,ti,
talvahown,he,ta,el,vah,howa,on,
womoshamhna,we,woman,nosotros,ham,ehna,mi,
nimtovosp,you all,niman,vosotros,ap,ento,vi,
tamiyosvehom,they,taman,eyos,ve,homa,ani,
djesteyah,this,dje,este,yah,da,eta,
nasevahdaw,that,na,ese,vah,dawat,to,
djelkiyahenzdes,here,djeli,aki,yaha,hena,zdes,
vihentanal,there,nali,ai,vaha,henak,tam,
ceykyeninkonkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
cankekyahcto,what,canma,ke,kya,eh,cto,
kahfengdonal,where,nali,donde,kaha,fen,gde,
cantakabkakwan,when,canmacho,kwando,kab,emta,kagda,
dzankesaykakom,how,dzanma,komo,kesa,ezay,kak,
bunohmec,not,bu,no,nahi,mec,ne,
swoytodkolfsab,all,swoyo,todo,sab,kol,fse,
mudwobahmnoket,many,dwo,mutcos,bahut,ketir,mnogi,
djigutlgunecow,some,djiga,algunos,kutc,cowaya,neskalka,
cawpokolthornim,few,caw,poko,thora,qolayel,nimnogi,
tcitustantrog,other,tcita,otro,dusra,tani,drugoy,
yikwahdino,one,yi,uno,ek,wahed,adin,
ardostnendva,two,ar,dos,do,etnen,dva,
tresantintal,three,san,tres,tin,talata,tri,
kwatsarbatcit,four,sa,kwatro,tcar,arba,tcitiri,
wusinpathampyat,five,wu,sinko,patc,hamsa,pyat,
dagrankebar,big,da,grande,bara,kebir,balcoy,
tcanlartowdlam,long,tcan,largo,lamba,towil,dlini,
kwantcorwas,wide,kwan,antco,tcora,wase,ciroki,
grwesmotehowtol,thick,how,grweso,mota,tehin,tolsti,
djunpesbharteqtij,heavy,djun,pesado,bhari,teqil,tijoli,
cyawpektchotsogmal,small,cyaw,pekenyo,tchota,sogayar,malinki,
dwanatkorqos,short,dwan,korto,nata,qosayar,karotki,
estredjaytandayski,narrow,djay,estretco,tang,dayaq,uski,
bawpadelofton,thin,baw,delgado,patla,rofaya,tonki,
muhsetjenirat,woman,niran,muher,orat,set,jencina,
adnanbregmuc,man,nanran,ombre,admi,ragel,mucina,
vyaknsantciranbre,human,ran,ombre,vyakti,ensan,tcilavek,
hayelninbatit,child,haydza,ninyo,batca,ayel,dita,
patmelawjimuh,wife,lawpo,muher,patni,merat,jina,
malawpatgozmuj,husband,lawgon,marido,pati,goz,muj,
mamad,mother,mama,madre,ma,om,mama,
babadet,father,baba,padre,pita,ab,atets,
dunimdjanhayjiv,animal,dunwu,animal,djanvar,hayawan,jivotna,
yiripezamat,fish,yi,pez,matchli,samaka,riba,
nyawpahterptitcir,bird,nyaw,paharo,tciriya,ter,ptitsa,
pergotkalpyos,dog,go,pero,kuta,kalb,pyos,
pyohdcaqamvoc,louse,ca,pyoho,dju,qamla,voc,
carsaphanzmiy,snake,ca,serpyente,sap,hanac,zmiya,
guskirdutcyoytcer,worm,tcyoyin,gusano,kira,duda,tcerv,
cugderbol,tree,cu,arbol,per,cagara,deriva,
dsangaboslyes,forest,sanlin,boske,djangal,gaba,lyes,
cudanpalsay,stick,cudja,palo,dandal,asaya,palka,
cweyfrutphalfakplot,fruit,cweygwo,fruta,phal,fakha,plot,
bidjunbez,seed,djundza,semiya,bidj,bezra,semya,
yehapatwaris,leaf,ye,oha,pata,waraqa,list,
gangedjaraikor,root,gan,rais,djar,gedr,korin,
cupkorgetchal,bark,cupi,kortesa,tchal,ged,kara,
florphulzahwatsvit,flower,hwa,flor,phul,zahra,tsvitok,
tsawherneghastrav,grass,tsaw,herba,ghas,negila,trava,
kweracanhabvir,rope,can,kwerda,rasi,habl,virofka,
pipyeltvatgelkoz,skin,pi,pyel,tvatca,geld,koza,
karowmaslah,meat,row,karne,mas,lahma,masa,
cyesanhundamkrof,blood,cye,sangre,hun,dam,krof,
weshadgus,bone,gu,weso,hadi,adm,kost,
djifgrastcardeh,fat,djifan,grasa,tcarbi,dehn,jir,
wevbedandayiy,egg,dan,wevo,anda,beda,yiytso,
djyawsikweroqar,horn,djyaw,kwerno,sig,qarn,rok,
weykolputelhvos,tail,wey,kola,putch,del,hvost,
yimplumpanpiric,feather,yimaw,pluma,pankh,rica,piro,
tofolkabalcar,hair,tofa,kabeyo,bal,car,volasi,
towkabsarasgal,head,tow,kabesa,sar,ras,galava,
ardwodrehakan,ear,ardwo,oreha,kan,wedn,uha,
yenhoklas,eye,yendjin,oho,akh,en,glas,
binakmanarnos,nose,bi,naris,nak,manahir,nos,
bokmuhanrodzwe,mouth,dzwe,boka,muh,hanak,rot,
yatyendatsenzup,tooth,yatci,dyente,dat,sena,zup,
lendcablesyiz,tongue,ca,lengwa,djibh,lesan,yizik,
djidafnyanahnog,fingernail,djidjya,unya,nahun,dafer,nogat,
djyawperegstapye,foot,djyaw,pye,per,regl,stapa,
twepyeregtanag,leg,twe,pyerna,tang,regl,naga,
ciroghutkarod,knee,ci,rodiya,ghutna,rokba,kalena,
cowmanhatruk,hand,cow,mano,hath,id,ruka,
tcibakenklal,wing,tciban,ala,pakh,genah,krilo,
barpedudjiv,belly,dudza,bariga,pet,batn,jivot,
tcantartripmaskic,guts,tcandza,tripas,antari,masarin,kicki,
bodgarakweycey,neck,bodza,kweyo,gardan,raqaba,ceya,
beyspalpitahspin,back,bey,espalda,pith,dahr,spina,
cyonpetchatsedgrut,breast,cyonbu,petco,tchati,sedr,grut,
cinkordilser,heart,cindzan,korason,dil,qalb,sertsi,
gadyagankebet,liver,gan,igado,yakrt,kebd,petcin,
habebitcer,drink,ha,bebe,pi,cereb,pit,
tcakomkhakalyes,eat,tca,kome,kha,kal,yes,
yawmorkatkus,bite,yaw,morde,kat,ad,kusa,
tcwotcuptcusmas,suck,tcwo,tcupa,tcus,mas,sasa,
eskuplivthuktuf,spit,tu,eskupi,thuk,taf,pliva,
ulturagblivom,vomit,tu,vomita,ulti,raga,bliva,
sophuknafdutcwe,blow,tcwe,sopla,phuk,nafah,dut,
hucasrestnafdic,breathe,huci,respira,sas,etnafes,dica,
reidehacyawsmiy,laugh,cyaw,rei,has,dehek,smiya,
cavedekan,see,kan,ve,dekh,caf,vide,
tinyslisun,hear,tin,oy,sun,seme,slica,
djidjansabrefzna,know,djidaw,sabe,djan,eref,zna,
cyanpensotfakdum,think,cyan,pensa,sotc,etfakar,duma,
wanlesugcamtcuy,smell,wan,ole,sugh,cam,tcuya,
temdarhafpay,fear,pa,teme,dar,haf,baya,
cweydorsonamspa,sleep,cwey,dormi,so,nam,spa,
hwovivdji,live,hwo,vivi,dji,ac,ji,
samormat,die,sa,mori,mar,mat,umira,
camatmarqatbiv,kill,ca,mata,mar,qatal,ubiva,
dadpelarhar,fight,dadjya,pelea,lar,harab,baro,
kazikstadalhot,hunt,dalye,kaza,cikar,estad,ahoti,
golmardar,hit,da,golpea,mar,darab,udari,
korezkatcye,cut,tcye,korta,kat,qata,rezat,
fanparacaqban,split,fankay,parti,bant,caq,razdili,
tsapunbhontankal,stab,tsa,apunyala,bhonk,tan,kalo,
djwakharastsar,scratch,djwa,raska,kharotc,harbec,tsarapa,
wakavkhodhafri,dig,wa,kava,khod,hafar,ri,
yoynaderplav,swim,yoyon,nada,ter,am,plava,
feybolitar,fly,fey,bola,ur,tar,lita,
dzowkamectcal,walk,dzow,kamina,tcal,meci,id,
vengeplay,come,lay,veni,a,ge,pri,
yasletanamliz,lie down,tan,yase,let,nam,liza,
senbedzwoqadsid,sit,dzwo,senta,beth,qad,side,
djanwekhalevstay,stand,djan,levanta,khara,weqef,staya,
djwanurafrachir,turn,djwan,hira,mur,laf,vraca,
gilwocwekaepad,fall,lwocya,kae,gir,weqe,pada,
geyda,give,gey,da,de,eda,da,
tenaspakdir,hold,na,tene,pakar,mesek,dirja,
apredjirghus,squeeze,dji,apreta,ghusa,asar,ja,
frotakmarowtir,rub,row,frota,mal,dak,tire,
lavdhogacimi,wash,ci,lava,dho,gasal,mi,
limasponvitsa,wipe,tsa,limpya,pontch,masah,vitira,
halakhitincad,pull,la,hala,khitc,cad,tinu,
tweympuhdhakzaq,push,twey,empuha,dhaka,zaq,pihu,
tiranphenbras,throw,ran,tira,phenk,rama,brasa,
batarabanviz,tie,ban,ata,badh,rabat,viza,
fankosihay,sew,fan,kose,si,hayat,ci,
koncud,count,cu,konta,gin,ad,cita,
decwokahqalskaz,say,cwo,desi,kah,qal,skaza,
tcankanpe,sing,tcan,kanta,ga,gana,pe,
wanhughelebgra,play,wan,huga,khel,leb,igra,
fuflotermpli,float,fu,flota,ter,am,pli,
fluibahgelyotet,flow,lyo,flui,bah,geri,tetc,
dondjamtala,freeze,dondjye,ela,djam,talag,zamorznu,
pontcadwerpuh,swell,pondjan,intca,sudj,werem,puhnu,
taysolcam,sun,tayan,sol,suradj,cams,sontsa,
yeluntcadqam,moon,yelyan,luna,tcad,qamar,luna,
estreytarzvicineg,star,cin,estreya,tara,negma,zvizda,
cweygwapanayvad,water,cwey,agwa,pani,maya,vada,
yivbarmatoc,rain,yi,yuvya,baris,matar,doct,
rionadnaharik,river,ha,rio,nadi,nahr,rika,
djhulagbohzir,lake,hu,lago,djhil,bohera,ozira,
samarbahay,sea,hay,mar,samandar,bahr,mori,
yenamalsal,salt,yen,sal,namak,malh,sol,
capyedpathagam,stone,ca,pyedra,pathar,hagar,kamin,
arenretpica,sand,ca,arena,ret,ramla,pisok,
tcanpoldhultor,dust,tcantu,polvo,dhul,torab,pil,
dityerdharzim,earth,ditcyow,tyera,dharti,ard,zimla,
yinubadsehblak,cloud,yin,nube,badal,sehaba,oblaka,
wudhunyebcabtum,fog,wu,nyebla,dhundh,cabura,tuman,
tyenebsyelsmansam,sky,tyen,syelo,asman,sama,neba,
vyenhafonhawvet,wind,fon,vyento,hava,hawa,vetir,
cyenyebartalsnek,snow,cye,nyebe,barf,talg,snek,
binyelotalbar,ice,bin,yelo,barf,talg,lot,
yenodhuadohdim,smoke,yen,umo,dhua,dohan,dim,
hwofwegonar,fire,hwo,fwego,ag,nar,agon,
bwentchawtayhor,good,haw,bweno,atcha,tayeb,horoci,
malburwehwayploh,bad,hway,malo,bura,wehec,plohoy,
dzaypen,at,dzay,a,pe,and,u,
dzaynefe,in,dzayli,en,me,fe,v,
harwe,and,ha,i,or,we,i,
rugaryesi,if,rugwo,si,agar,eza,yesli,
porkyincanpat,because,yinwey,porke,kyonki,acan,patamucta,
____________________
____________________
Thu Aug 25 16:14:46 2016
yunsastempot,use,yun,usa,istemal,istemal,potrebi,
dzaystahokanbi,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,
hwodostalkonpa,get,hwod,konsegi,pa,istalama,dostava,
yawizkertcahot,want,yaw,kere,tcah,awiz,hote,
djidelbansan,make,djidzaw,ase,bana,sana,dela,
yuyazlenbhaclog,language,yuyen,lengwa,bhaca,loga,yazik,
tonkogartmiy,cognate,tonywentca,kognado,atmiy,qarib,kognat,
hwoyali,or,hwo,o,ya,aw,ili,
dawkolena,to,daw,a,ko,le,na,
cweprentaltsik,learn,cwe,aprende,sikh,talama,utci,
dyenkomhasan,computer,dyenaw,komputador,sanganak,hasub,kampyutir,
dzwosekarfaldel,do,dzwo,ase,kar,fal,dela,
woyome,i,wo,yo,me,ana,ya,
entuni,you,ni,tu,tum,enta,ti,
talvahown,he,ta,el,vah,howa,on,
womoshamhna,we,woman,nosotros,ham,ehna,mi,
nimtovosp,you all,niman,vosotros,ap,ento,vi,
tamiyosvehom,they,taman,eyos,ve,homa,ani,
djesteyah,this,dje,este,yah,da,eta,
nasevahdaw,that,na,ese,vah,dawat,to,
djelkiyahenzdes,here,djeli,aki,yaha,hena,zdes,
vihentanal,there,nali,ai,vaha,henak,tam,
ceykyeninkonkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
cankekyahcto,what,canma,ke,kya,eh,cto,
kahfengdonal,where,nali,donde,kaha,fen,gde,
cantakabkakwan,when,canmacho,kwando,kab,emta,kagda,
dzankesaykakom,how,dzanma,komo,kesa,ezay,kak,
bunohmec,not,bu,no,nahi,mec,ne,
swoytodkolfsab,all,swoyo,todo,sab,kol,fse,
mudwobahmnoket,many,dwo,mutcos,bahut,ketir,mnogi,
djigutlgunecow,some,djiga,algunos,kutc,cowaya,neskalka,
cawpokolthornim,few,caw,poko,thora,qolayel,nimnogi,
tcitustantrog,other,tcita,otro,dusra,tani,drugoy,
yikwahdino,one,yi,uno,ek,wahed,adin,
ardostnendva,two,ar,dos,do,etnen,dva,
tresantintal,three,san,tres,tin,talata,tri,
kwatsarbatcit,four,sa,kwatro,tcar,arba,tcitiri,
wusinpathampyat,five,wu,sinko,patc,hamsa,pyat,
dagrankebar,big,da,grande,bara,kebir,balcoy,
tcanlartowdlam,long,tcan,largo,lamba,towil,dlini,
kwantcorwas,wide,kwan,antco,tcora,wase,ciroki,
grwesmotehowtol,thick,how,grweso,mota,tehin,tolsti,
djunpesbharteqtij,heavy,djun,pesado,bhari,teqil,tijoli,
cyawpektchotsogmal,small,cyaw,pekenyo,tchota,sogayar,malinki,
dwanatkorqos,short,dwan,korto,nata,qosayar,karotki,
estredjaytandayski,narrow,djay,estretco,tang,dayaq,uski,
bawpadelofton,thin,baw,delgado,patla,rofaya,tonki,
muhsetjenirat,woman,niran,muher,orat,set,jencina,
adnanbregmuc,man,nanran,ombre,admi,ragel,mucina,
vyaknsantciranbre,human,ran,ombre,vyakti,ensan,tcilavek,
hayelninbatit,child,haydza,ninyo,batca,ayel,dita,
patmelawjimuh,wife,lawpo,muher,patni,merat,jina,
malawpatgozmuj,husband,lawgon,marido,pati,goz,muj,
mamad,mother,mama,madre,ma,om,mama,
babadet,father,baba,padre,pita,ab,atets,
dunimdjanhayjiv,animal,dunwu,animal,djanvar,hayawan,jivotna,
yiripezamat,fish,yi,pez,matchli,samaka,riba,
nyawpahterptitcir,bird,nyaw,paharo,tciriya,ter,ptitsa,
pergotkalpyos,dog,go,pero,kuta,kalb,pyos,
pyohdcaqamvoc,louse,ca,pyoho,dju,qamla,voc,
carsaphanzmiy,snake,ca,serpyente,sap,hanac,zmiya,
guskirdutcyoytcer,worm,tcyoyin,gusano,kira,duda,tcerv,
cugderbol,tree,cu,arbol,per,cagara,deriva,
dsangaboslyes,forest,sanlin,boske,djangal,gaba,lyes,
cudanpalsay,stick,cudja,palo,dandal,asaya,palka,
cweyfrutphalfakplot,fruit,cweygwo,fruta,phal,fakha,plot,
bidjunbez,seed,djundza,semiya,bidj,bezra,semya,
yehapatwaris,leaf,ye,oha,pata,waraqa,list,
gangedjaraikor,root,gan,rais,djar,gedr,korin,
cupkorgetchal,bark,cupi,kortesa,tchal,ged,kara,
florphulzahwatsvit,flower,hwa,flor,phul,zahra,tsvitok,
tsawherneghastrav,grass,tsaw,herba,ghas,negila,trava,
kweracanhabvir,rope,can,kwerda,rasi,habl,virofka,
pipyeltvatgelkoz,skin,pi,pyel,tvatca,geld,koza,
karowmaslah,meat,row,karne,mas,lahma,masa,
cyesanhundamkrof,blood,cye,sangre,hun,dam,krof,
weshadgus,bone,gu,weso,hadi,adm,kost,
djifgrastcardeh,fat,djifan,grasa,tcarbi,dehn,jir,
wevbedandayiy,egg,dan,wevo,anda,beda,yiytso,
djyawsikweroqar,horn,djyaw,kwerno,sig,qarn,rok,
weykolputelhvos,tail,wey,kola,putch,del,hvost,
yimplumpanpiric,feather,yimaw,pluma,pankh,rica,piro,
tofolkabalcar,hair,tofa,kabeyo,bal,car,volasi,
towkabsarasgal,head,tow,kabesa,sar,ras,galava,
ardwodrehakan,ear,ardwo,oreha,kan,wedn,uha,
yenhoklas,eye,yendjin,oho,akh,en,glas,
binakmanarnos,nose,bi,naris,nak,manahir,nos,
bokmuhanrodzwe,mouth,dzwe,boka,muh,hanak,rot,
yatyendatsenzup,tooth,yatci,dyente,dat,sena,zup,
lendcablesyiz,tongue,ca,lengwa,djibh,lesan,yizik,
djidafnyanahnog,fingernail,djidjya,unya,nahun,dafer,nogat,
djyawperegstapye,foot,djyaw,pye,per,regl,stapa,
twepyeregtanag,leg,twe,pyerna,tang,regl,naga,
ciroghutkarod,knee,ci,rodiya,ghutna,rokba,kalena,
cowmanhatruk,hand,cow,mano,hath,id,ruka,
tcibakenklal,wing,tciban,ala,pakh,genah,krilo,
barpedudjiv,belly,dudza,bariga,pet,batn,jivot,
tcantartripmaskic,guts,tcandza,tripas,antari,masarin,kicki,
bodgarakweycey,neck,bodza,kweyo,gardan,raqaba,ceya,
beyspalpitahspin,back,bey,espalda,pith,dahr,spina,
cyonpetchatsedgrut,breast,cyonbu,petco,tchati,sedr,grut,
cinkordilser,heart,cindzan,korason,dil,qalb,sertsi,
gadyagankebet,liver,gan,igado,yakrt,kebd,petcin,
habebitcer,drink,ha,bebe,pi,cereb,pit,
tcakomkhakalyes,eat,tca,kome,kha,kal,yes,
yawmorkatkus,bite,yaw,morde,kat,ad,kusa,
tcwotcuptcusmas,suck,tcwo,tcupa,tcus,mas,sasa,
eskuplivthuktuf,spit,tu,eskupi,thuk,taf,pliva,
ulturagblivom,vomit,tu,vomita,ulti,raga,bliva,
sophuknafdutcwe,blow,tcwe,sopla,phuk,nafah,dut,
hucasrestnafdic,breathe,huci,respira,sas,etnafes,dica,
reidehacyawsmiy,laugh,cyaw,rei,has,dehek,smiya,
cavedekan,see,kan,ve,dekh,caf,vide,
tinyslisun,hear,tin,oy,sun,seme,slica,
djidjansabrefzna,know,djidaw,sabe,djan,eref,zna,
cyanpensotfakdum,think,cyan,pensa,sotc,etfakar,duma,
wanlesugcamtcuy,smell,wan,ole,sugh,cam,tcuya,
temdarhafpay,fear,pa,teme,dar,haf,baya,
cweydorsonamspa,sleep,cwey,dormi,so,nam,spa,
hwovivdji,live,hwo,vivi,dji,ac,ji,
samormat,die,sa,mori,mar,mat,umira,
camatmarqatbiv,kill,ca,mata,mar,qatal,ubiva,
dadpelarhar,fight,dadjya,pelea,lar,harab,baro,
kazikstadalhot,hunt,dalye,kaza,cikar,estad,ahoti,
golmardar,hit,da,golpea,mar,darab,udari,
korezkatcye,cut,tcye,korta,kat,qata,rezat,
fanparacaqban,split,fankay,parti,bant,caq,razdili,
tsapunbhontankal,stab,tsa,apunyala,bhonk,tan,kalo,
djwakharastsar,scratch,djwa,raska,kharotc,harbec,tsarapa,
wakavkhodhafri,dig,wa,kava,khod,hafar,ri,
yoynaderplav,swim,yoyon,nada,ter,am,plava,
feybolitar,fly,fey,bola,ur,tar,lita,
dzowkamectcal,walk,dzow,kamina,tcal,meci,id,
vengeplay,come,lay,veni,a,ge,pri,
yasletanamliz,lie down,tan,yase,let,nam,liza,
senbedzwoqadsid,sit,dzwo,senta,beth,qad,side,
djanwekhalevstay,stand,djan,levanta,khara,weqef,staya,
djwanurafrachir,turn,djwan,hira,mur,laf,vraca,
gilwocwekaepad,fall,lwocya,kae,gir,weqe,pada,
geyda,give,gey,da,de,eda,da,
tenaspakdir,hold,na,tene,pakar,mesek,dirja,
apredjirghus,squeeze,dji,apreta,ghusa,asar,ja,
frotakmarowtir,rub,row,frota,mal,dak,tire,
lavdhogacimi,wash,ci,lava,dho,gasal,mi,
limasponvitsa,wipe,tsa,limpya,pontch,masah,vitira,
halakhitincad,pull,la,hala,khitc,cad,tinu,
tweympuhdhakzaq,push,twey,empuha,dhaka,zaq,pihu,
tiranphenbras,throw,ran,tira,phenk,rama,brasa,
batarabanviz,tie,ban,ata,badh,rabat,viza,
fankosihay,sew,fan,kose,si,hayat,ci,
koncud,count,cu,konta,gin,ad,cita,
decwokahqalskaz,say,cwo,desi,kah,qal,skaza,
tcankanpe,sing,tcan,kanta,ga,gana,pe,
wanhughelebgra,play,wan,huga,khel,leb,igra,
fuflotermpli,float,fu,flota,ter,am,pli,
fluibahgelyotet,flow,lyo,flui,bah,geri,tetc,
dondjamtala,freeze,dondjye,ela,djam,talag,zamorznu,
pontcadwerpuh,swell,pondjan,intca,sudj,werem,puhnu,
taysolcam,sun,tayan,sol,suradj,cams,sontsa,
yeluntcadqam,moon,yelyan,luna,tcad,qamar,luna,
estreytarzvicineg,star,cin,estreya,tara,negma,zvizda,
cweygwapanayvad,water,cwey,agwa,pani,maya,vada,
yivbarmatoc,rain,yi,yuvya,baris,matar,doct,
rionadnaharik,river,ha,rio,nadi,nahr,rika,
djhulagbohzir,lake,hu,lago,djhil,bohera,ozira,
samarbahay,sea,hay,mar,samandar,bahr,mori,
yenamalsal,salt,yen,sal,namak,malh,sol,
capyedpathagam,stone,ca,pyedra,pathar,hagar,kamin,
arenretpica,sand,ca,arena,ret,ramla,pisok,
tcanpoldhultor,dust,tcantu,polvo,dhul,torab,pil,
dityerdharzim,earth,ditcyow,tyera,dharti,ard,zimla,
yinubadsehblak,cloud,yin,nube,badal,sehaba,oblaka,
wudhunyebcabtum,fog,wu,nyebla,dhundh,cabura,tuman,
tyenebsyelsmansam,sky,tyen,syelo,asman,sama,neba,
vyenhafonhawvet,wind,fon,vyento,hava,hawa,vetir,
cyenyebartalsnek,snow,cye,nyebe,barf,talg,snek,
binyelotalbar,ice,bin,yelo,barf,talg,lot,
yenodhuadohdim,smoke,yen,umo,dhua,dohan,dim,
hwofwegonar,fire,hwo,fwego,ag,nar,agon,
hweysenrakrampep,ashes,hweydjin,senisas,rakh,ramad,pepil,
cawkemharjedjal,burn,caw,kema,djal,haraq,jetc,
kamsaluputar,road,lu,kamino,sarak,tariq,put,
bwentchawtayhor,good,haw,bweno,atcha,tayeb,horoci,
malburwehwayploh,bad,hway,malo,bura,wehec,plohoy,
dzaypen,at,dzay,a,pe,and,u,
dzaynefe,in,dzayli,en,me,fe,v,
ganasat,with,gan,kon,sath,ma,s,
harwe,and,ha,i,or,we,i,
rugaryesi,if,rugwo,si,agar,eza,yesli,
porkyincanpat,because,yinwey,porke,kyonki,acan,patamucta,
mins,name,mindza,nombre,nam,esm,ima,
____________________
____________________
Tue Aug 30 20:06:42 2016
yunsastempot,use,yun,usa,istemal,istemal,potrebi,
dzaystahokanbi,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,
hwodostalkonpa,get,hwod,konsegi,pa,istalama,dostava,
yawizkertcahot,want,yaw,kere,tcah,awiz,hote,
djidelbansan,make,djidzaw,ase,bana,sana,dela,
yuyazlenbhaclog,language,yuyen,lengwa,bhaca,loga,yazik,
tonkogartmiy,cognate,tonywentca,kognado,atmiy,qarib,kognat,
hwoyali,or,hwo,o,ya,aw,ili,
dawkolena,to,daw,a,ko,le,na,
cweprentaltsik,learn,cwe,aprende,sikh,talama,utci,
dyenkomhasan,computer,dyenaw,komputador,sanganak,hasub,kampyutir,
dzwosekarfaldel,do,dzwo,ase,kar,fal,dela,
nanotpodsakad,able,nan,pode,sak,qadar,motc,
woyome,i,wo,yo,me,ana,ya,
entuni,you,ni,tu,tum,enta,ti,
talvahown,he,ta,el,vah,howa,on,
womoshamhna,we,woman,nosotros,ham,ehna,mi,
nimtovosp,you all,niman,vosotros,ap,ento,vi,
tamiyosvehom,they,taman,eyos,ve,homa,ani,
djesteyah,this,dje,este,yah,da,eta,
nasevahdaw,that,na,ese,vah,dawat,to,
djelkiyahenzdes,here,djeli,aki,yaha,hena,zdes,
vihentanal,there,nali,ai,vaha,henak,tam,
ceykyeninkonkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
cankekyahcto,what,canma,ke,kya,eh,cto,
kahfengdonal,where,nali,donde,kaha,fen,gde,
cantakabkakwan,when,canmacho,kwando,kab,emta,kagda,
dzankesaykakom,how,dzanma,komo,kesa,ezay,kak,
bunohmec,not,bu,no,nahi,mec,ne,
swoytodkolfsab,all,swoyo,todo,sab,kol,fse,
mudwobahmnoket,many,dwo,mutcos,bahut,ketir,mnogi,
djigutlgunecow,some,djiga,algunos,kutc,cowaya,neskalka,
cawpokolthornim,few,caw,poko,thora,qolayel,nimnogi,
tcitustantrog,other,tcita,otro,dusra,tani,drugoy,
yikwahdino,one,yi,uno,ek,wahed,adin,
ardostnendva,two,ar,dos,do,etnen,dva,
tresantintal,three,san,tres,tin,talata,tri,
kwatsarbatcit,four,sa,kwatro,tcar,arba,tcitiri,
wusinpathampyat,five,wu,sinko,patc,hamsa,pyat,
dagrankebar,big,da,grande,bara,kebir,balcoy,
tcanlartowdlam,long,tcan,largo,lamba,towil,dlini,
kwantcorwas,wide,kwan,antco,tcora,wase,ciroki,
grwesmotehowtol,thick,how,grweso,mota,tehin,tolsti,
djunpesbharteqtij,heavy,djun,pesado,bhari,teqil,tijoli,
cyawpektchotsogmal,small,cyaw,pekenyo,tchota,sogayar,malinki,
dwanatkorqos,short,dwan,korto,nata,qosayar,karotki,
estredjaytandayski,narrow,djay,estretco,tang,dayaq,uski,
bawpadelofton,thin,baw,delgado,patla,rofaya,tonki,
muhsetjenirat,woman,niran,muher,orat,set,jencina,
adnanbregmuc,man,nanran,ombre,admi,ragel,mucina,
vyaknsantciranbre,human,ran,ombre,vyakti,ensan,tcilavek,
hayelninbatit,child,haydza,ninyo,batca,ayel,dita,
patmelawjimuh,wife,lawpo,muher,patni,merat,jina,
malawpatgozmuj,husband,lawgon,marido,pati,goz,muj,
mamad,mother,mama,madre,ma,om,mama,
babadet,father,baba,padre,pita,ab,atets,
dunimdjanhayjiv,animal,dunwu,animal,djanvar,hayawan,jivotna,
yiripezamat,fish,yi,pez,matchli,samaka,riba,
nyawpahterptitcir,bird,nyaw,paharo,tciriya,ter,ptitsa,
pergotkalpyos,dog,go,pero,kuta,kalb,pyos,
pyohdcaqamvoc,louse,ca,pyoho,dju,qamla,voc,
carsaphanzmiy,snake,ca,serpyente,sap,hanac,zmiya,
guskirdutcyoytcer,worm,tcyoyin,gusano,kira,duda,tcerv,
cugderbol,tree,cu,arbol,per,cagara,deriva,
dsangaboslyes,forest,sanlin,boske,djangal,gaba,lyes,
cudanpalsay,stick,cudja,palo,dandal,asaya,palka,
cweyfrutphalfakplot,fruit,cweygwo,fruta,phal,fakha,plot,
bidjunbez,seed,djundza,semiya,bidj,bezra,semya,
yehapatwaris,leaf,ye,oha,pata,waraqa,list,
gangedjaraikor,root,gan,rais,djar,gedr,korin,
cupkorgetchal,bark,cupi,kortesa,tchal,ged,kara,
florphulzahwatsvit,flower,hwa,flor,phul,zahra,tsvitok,
tsawherneghastrav,grass,tsaw,herba,ghas,negila,trava,
kweracanhabvir,rope,can,kwerda,rasi,habl,virofka,
pipyeltvatgelkoz,skin,pi,pyel,tvatca,geld,koza,
karowmaslah,meat,row,karne,mas,lahma,masa,
cyesanhundamkrof,blood,cye,sangre,hun,dam,krof,
weshadgus,bone,gu,weso,hadi,adm,kost,
djifgrastcardeh,fat,djifan,grasa,tcarbi,dehn,jir,
wevbedandayiy,egg,dan,wevo,anda,beda,yiytso,
djyawsikweroqar,horn,djyaw,kwerno,sig,qarn,rok,
weykolputelhvos,tail,wey,kola,putch,del,hvost,
yimplumpanpiric,feather,yimaw,pluma,pankh,rica,piro,
tofolkabalcar,hair,tofa,kabeyo,bal,car,volasi,
towkabsarasgal,head,tow,kabesa,sar,ras,galava,
ardwodrehakan,ear,ardwo,oreha,kan,wedn,uha,
yenhoklas,eye,yendjin,oho,akh,en,glas,
binakmanarnos,nose,bi,naris,nak,manahir,nos,
bokmuhanrodzwe,mouth,dzwe,boka,muh,hanak,rot,
yatyendatsenzup,tooth,yatci,dyente,dat,sena,zup,
lendcablesyiz,tongue,ca,lengwa,djibh,lesan,yizik,
djidafnyanahnog,fingernail,djidjya,unya,nahun,dafer,nogat,
djyawperegstapye,foot,djyaw,pye,per,regl,stapa,
twepyeregtanag,leg,twe,pyerna,tang,regl,naga,
ciroghutkarod,knee,ci,rodiya,ghutna,rokba,kalena,
cowmanhatruk,hand,cow,mano,hath,id,ruka,
tcibakenklal,wing,tciban,ala,pakh,genah,krilo,
barpedudjiv,belly,dudza,bariga,pet,batn,jivot,
tcantartripmaskic,guts,tcandza,tripas,antari,masarin,kicki,
bodgarakweycey,neck,bodza,kweyo,gardan,raqaba,ceya,
beyspalpitahspin,back,bey,espalda,pith,dahr,spina,
cyonpetchatsedgrut,breast,cyonbu,petco,tchati,sedr,grut,
cinkordilser,heart,cindzan,korason,dil,qalb,sertsi,
gadyagankebet,liver,gan,igado,yakrt,kebd,petcin,
habebitcer,drink,ha,bebe,pi,cereb,pit,
tcakomkhakal,eat,tca,kome,kha,kal,es,
yawmorkatkus,bite,yaw,morde,kat,ad,kusa,
tcwotcuptcusmas,suck,tcwo,tcupa,tcus,mas,sasa,
eskuplivthuktuf,spit,tu,eskupi,thuk,taf,pliva,
ulturagblivom,vomit,tu,vomita,ulti,raga,bliva,
sophuknafdutcwe,blow,tcwe,sopla,phuk,nafah,dut,
hucasrestnafdic,breathe,huci,respira,sas,etnafes,dica,
reidehacyawsmiy,laugh,cyaw,rei,has,dehek,smiya,
cavedekan,see,kan,ve,dekh,caf,vide,
tinyslisun,hear,tin,oy,sun,seme,slica,
djidjansabrefzna,know,djidaw,sabe,djan,eref,zna,
cyanpensotfakdum,think,cyan,pensa,sotc,etfakar,duma,
wanlesugcamtcuy,smell,wan,ole,sugh,cam,tcuya,
temdarhafpay,fear,pa,teme,dar,haf,baya,
cweydorsonamspa,sleep,cwey,dormi,so,nam,spa,
hwovivdji,live,hwo,vivi,dji,ac,ji,
samormat,die,sa,mori,mar,mat,umira,
camatmarqatbiv,kill,ca,mata,mar,qatal,ubiva,
dadpelarhar,fight,dadjya,pelea,lar,harab,baro,
kazikstadalhot,hunt,dalye,kaza,cikar,estad,ahoti,
golmardar,hit,da,golpea,mar,darab,udari,
korezkatcye,cut,tcye,korta,kat,qata,rezat,
fanparacaqban,split,fankay,parti,bant,caq,razdili,
tsapunbhontankal,stab,tsa,apunyala,bhonk,tan,kalo,
djwakharastsar,scratch,djwa,raska,kharotc,harbec,tsarapa,
wakavkhodhafri,dig,wa,kava,khod,hafar,ri,
yoynaderplav,swim,yoyon,nada,ter,am,plava,
feybolitar,fly,fey,bola,ur,tar,lita,
dzowkamectcal,walk,dzow,kamina,tcal,meci,id,
vengeplay,come,lay,veni,a,ge,pri,
yasletanamliz,lie down,tan,yase,let,nam,liza,
senbedzwoqadsid,sit,dzwo,senta,beth,qad,side,
djanwekhalevstay,stand,djan,levanta,khara,weqef,staya,
djwanurafrachir,turn,djwan,hira,mur,laf,vraca,
gilwocwekaepad,fall,lwocya,kae,gir,weqe,pada,
geyda,give,gey,da,de,eda,da,
tenaspakdir,hold,na,tene,pakar,mesek,dirja,
apredjirghus,squeeze,dji,apreta,ghusa,asar,ja,
frotakmarowtir,rub,row,frota,mal,dak,tire,
lavdhogacimi,wash,ci,lava,dho,gasal,mi,
limasponvitsa,wipe,tsa,limpya,pontch,masah,vitira,
halakhitincad,pull,la,hala,khitc,cad,tinu,
tweympuhdhakzaq,push,twey,empuha,dhaka,zaq,pihu,
tiranphenbras,throw,ran,tira,phenk,rama,brasa,
batarabanviz,tie,ban,ata,badh,rabat,viza,
fankosihay,sew,fan,kose,si,hayat,ci,
koncud,count,cu,konta,gin,ad,cita,
decwokahqalskaz,say,cwo,desi,kah,qal,skaza,
tcankanpe,sing,tcan,kanta,ga,gana,pe,
wanhughelebgra,play,wan,huga,khel,leb,igra,
fuflotermpli,float,fu,flota,ter,am,pli,
fluibahgelyotet,flow,lyo,flui,bah,geri,tetc,
dondjamtala,freeze,dondjye,ela,djam,talag,zamorznu,
pontcadwerpuh,swell,pondjan,intca,sudj,werem,puhnu,
taysolcam,sun,tayan,sol,suradj,cams,sontsa,
yeluntcadqam,moon,yelyan,luna,tcad,qamar,luna,
estreytarzvicineg,star,cin,estreya,tara,negma,zvizda,
cweygwapanayvad,water,cwey,agwa,pani,maya,vada,
yivbarmatoc,rain,yi,yuvya,baris,matar,doct,
rionadnaharik,river,ha,rio,nadi,nahr,rika,
djhulagbohzir,lake,hu,lago,djhil,bohera,ozira,
samarbahay,sea,hay,mar,samandar,bahr,mori,
yenamalsal,salt,yen,sal,namak,malh,sol,
capyedpathagam,stone,ca,pyedra,pathar,hagar,kamin,
arenretpica,sand,ca,arena,ret,ramla,pisok,
tcanpoldhultor,dust,tcantu,polvo,dhul,torab,pil,
dityerdharzim,earth,ditcyow,tyera,dharti,ard,zimla,
yinubadsehblak,cloud,yin,nube,badal,sehaba,oblaka,
wudhunyebcabtum,fog,wu,nyebla,dhundh,cabura,tuman,
tyenebsyelsmansam,sky,tyen,syelo,asman,sama,neba,
vyenhafonhawvet,wind,fon,vyento,hava,hawa,vetir,
cyenyebartalsnek,snow,cye,nyebe,barf,talg,snek,
binyelotalbar,ice,bin,yelo,barf,talg,lot,
yenodhuadohdim,smoke,yen,umo,dhua,dohan,dim,
hwofwegonar,fire,hwo,fwego,ag,nar,agon,
hweysenrakrampep,ashes,hweydjin,senisas,rakh,ramad,pepil,
cawkemharjedjal,burn,caw,kema,djal,haraq,jetc,
kamsaluputar,road,lu,kamino,sarak,tariq,put,
canongapahgar,mountain,can,montanya,pahar,gabal,gara,
ahmalarohunkras,red,hun,roho,lal,ahmar,krasni,
veliharhdarzil,green,li,verde,hara,ahdar,ziloni,
hwanarpilsfarjol,yellow,hwan,amariyo,pila,asfar,jolti,
bayblansafbyadbel,white,bay,blanko,safed,abyad,beli,
heynegalswedcor,black,hey,negro,kala,eswed,tcorni,
yewnotlerat,night,yewan,notce,rat,lela,notc,
bayomdiadin,day,baytyen,dia,din,yom,den,
salsanyengot,year,nyen,anyo,sal,sana,got,
wankaldaftyop,warm,wanwan,kalido,garm,dafi,tyopli,
friothanbalanhal,cold,lan,frio,thanda,bard,halodni,
yemanalpur,full,man,yeno,pura,malyan,polni,
cinwevnaygednov,new,cin,nwevo,naya,gedid,novi,
vyehpulawqadstar,old,law,vyeho,purana,qadim,stari,
bwentchawtayhor,good,haw,bweno,atcha,tayeb,horoci,
malburwehwayploh,bad,hway,malo,bura,wehec,plohoy,
podsalanafgnil,rotten,lan,podrido,sara,mafen,gniloy,
dzanganwesusgraz,dirty,dzan,susyo,ganda,weseh,grazni,
djaderekprim,straight,dja,rekto,sidha,edel,primoy,
yenedkrugored,round,yen,redondo,gol,medawar,krugli,
agudikhamstli,sharp,li,agudo,tikha,hami,ostri,
dunbotelkuntup,dull,dun,embotado,kund,telem,tupoy,
lisglatcigwanae,smooth,gwanhwa,liso,tcikna,naem,glatki,
camohmabmogil,wet,ca,mohado,gila,mablul,mokri,
seganacuh,dry,gan,seko,sukha,nacef,suhoy,
dwekorsahprav,correct,dwe,korekto,sahi,sah,pravilni,
djinazqorbliser,near,djin,serka,nazdik,qorayeb,bliski,
yendulehbei,far,yen,lehos,dur,beid,dalyoki,
derdahyomprav,right,yo,deretca,dahina,yemin,pravi,
dzwoskyerevbaycem,left,dzwo,iskyerda,baya,cemal,levi,
dzaypen,at,dzay,a,pe,and,u,
dzaynefe,in,dzayli,en,me,fe,v,
ganasat,with,gan,kon,sath,ma,s,
harwe,and,ha,i,or,we,i,
rugaryesi,if,rugwo,si,agar,eza,yesli,
porkyincanpat,because,yinwey,porke,kyonki,acan,patamucta,
mins,name,mindza,nombre,nam,esm,ima,
____________________
____________________
bunec,not,bu,no,nahi,mec,ne,
habebitcer,drink,ha,bebe,pi,cereb,pit,
hapitcer,drink,ha,bebe,pi,cereb,pit,
tcakomkhakalyes,eat,tca,kome,kha,kal,yes,
tcakamyes,eat,tca,kome,kha,kal,yes,
vyaknjanbretcil,human,jan,ombre,vyakti,ensan,tcilavek,
vyaknsantciranbre,human,ran,ombre,vyakti,ensan,tcilavek,
vyaknsanbrantcil,human,ran,ombre,vyakti,ensan,tcilavek,
decwokahqalskaz,say,cwo,desi,kah,qal,skaza,
decwokalskaz,say,cwo,desi,kah,qal,skaza,
decwokahlskaz,say,cwo,desi,kah,qal,skaza,
wanhughelebgra,play,wan,huga,khel,leb,igra,
wanhuglebkhel,play,wan,huga,khel,leb,igra,
aaaaaaaa,wind,fon,vyento,hava,hawa,vetir,
a,wind,fon,vyento,hava,hawa,vetir,
ha,wind,fon,vyento,hava,hawa,vetir,
vyenhafonhawvet,wind,fon,vyento,hava,hawa,vetir,
fon,wind,fon,vyento,hava,hawa,vetir,
havyent,wind,fon,vyento,hava,hawa,vetir,
hawvyent,wind,fon,vyento,hava,hawa,vetir,
mins,name,mindza,nombre,nam,esm,ima,
nims,name,mindza,nombre,nam,esm,ima,
nams,name,mindza,nombre,nam,esm,ima,
smin,name,mindza,nombre,nam,esm,ima,
malburwehwayploh,bad,hway,malo,bura,wehec,plohoy,
malbrohwah,bad,hway,malo,bura,wehec,plohoy,
bwentchawtayhor,good,haw,bweno,atcha,tayeb,horoci,
bwentchawrtay,good,haw,bweno,atcha,tayeb,horoci,
djidelbansan,make,djidzaw,ase,bana,sana,dela,
djelbansan,make,djidzaw,ase,bana,sana,dela,
dunimdjanhayjiv,animal,dunwu,animal,djanvar,hayawan,jivotna,
djunimhayjiv,animal,dunwu,animal,djanvar,hayawan,jivotna,
cantakabkakwan,when,canmacho,kwando,kab,emta,kagda,
cantakabkwan,when,canmacho,kwando,kab,emta,kagda,
ceykyeninkonkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
ceykyeninkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
ceykyoninkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
ceykyeminkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
ceykyominkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
ardostnendva,two,ar,dos,do,etnen,dva,
ardvostnen,two,ar,dos,do,etnen,dva,
wusinpathampyat,five,wu,sinko,patc,hamsa,pyat,
wusinpyatham,five,wu,sinko,patc,hamsa,pyat,
bunohmec,not,bu,no,nahi,mec,ne,
bunehc,not,bu,no,nahi,mec,ne,
____________________
____________________
Wed Aug 31 01:20:25 2016
yunsastempot,use,yun,usa,istemal,istemal,potrebi,
dzaystahokanbi,be,dzay,esta,ho,kana,bi,
hwodostalkonpa,get,hwod,konsegi,pa,istalama,dostava,
yawizkertcahot,want,yaw,kere,tcah,awiz,hote,
djidelbansan,make,djidzaw,ase,bana,sana,dela,
yuyazlenbhaclog,language,yuyen,lengwa,bhaca,loga,yazik,
tonkogartmiy,cognate,tonywentca,kognado,atmiy,qarib,kognat,
hwoyali,or,hwo,o,ya,aw,ili,
dawkolena,to,daw,a,ko,le,na,
cweprentaltsik,learn,cwe,aprende,sikh,talama,utci,
dyenkomhasan,computer,dyenaw,komputador,sanganak,hasub,kampyutir,
dzwosekarfaldel,do,dzwo,ase,kar,fal,dela,
nanotpodsakad,able,nan,pode,sak,qadar,motc,
donkostcizvec,thing,donci,kosa,tciz,ce,vec,
woyome,i,wo,yo,me,ana,ya,
entuni,you,ni,tu,tum,enta,ti,
talvahown,he,ta,el,vah,howa,on,
womoshamhna,we,woman,nosotros,ham,ehna,mi,
nimtovosp,you all,niman,vosotros,ap,ento,vi,
tamiyosvehom,they,taman,eyos,ve,homa,ani,
djesteyah,this,dje,este,yah,da,eta,
nasevahdaw,that,na,ese,vah,dawat,to,
djelkiyahenzdes,here,djeli,aki,yaha,hena,zdes,
vihentanal,there,nali,ai,vaha,henak,tam,
ceykyeninkonkto,who,cey,kyen,kon,min,kto,
cankekyahcto,what,canma,ke,kya,eh,cto,
kahfengdonal,where,nali,donde,kaha,fen,gde,
cantakabkakwan,when,canmacho,kwando,kab,emta,kagda,
dzankesaykakom,how,dzanma,komo,kesa,ezay,kak,
bunohmec,not,bu,no,nahi,mec,ne,
swoytodkolfsab,all,swoyo,todo,sab,kol,fse,
mudwobahmnoket,many,dwo,mutcos,bahut,ketir,mnogi,
djigutlgunecow,some,djiga,algunos,kutc,cowaya,neskalka,
cawpokolthornim,few,caw,poko,thora,qolayel,nimnogi,
tcitustantrog,other,tcita,otro,dusra,tani,drugoy,
yikwahdino,one,yi,uno,ek,wahed,adin,
ardostnendva,two,ar,dos,do,etnen,dva,
tresantintal,three,san,tres,tin,talata,tri,
kwatsarbatcit,four,sa,kwatro,tcar,arba,tcitiri,
wusinpathampyat,five,wu,sinko,patc,hamsa,pyat,
dagrankebar,big,da,grande,bara,kebir,balcoy,
tcanlartowdlam,long,tcan,largo,lamba,towil,dlini,
kwantcorwas,wide,kwan,antco,tcora,wase,ciroki,
grwesmotehowtol,thick,how,grweso,mota,tehin,tolsti,
djunpesbharteqtij,heavy,djun,pesado,bhari,teqil,tijoli,
cyawpektchotsogmal,small,cyaw,pekenyo,tchota,sogayar,malinki,
dwanatkorqos,short,dwan,korto,nata,qosayar,karotki,
estredjaytandayski,narrow,djay,estretco,tang,dayaq,uski,
bawpadelofton,thin,baw,delgado,patla,rofaya,tonki,
muhsetjenirat,woman,niran,muher,orat,set,jencina,
adnanbregmuc,man,nanran,ombre,admi,ragel,mucina,
vyaknsantciranbre,human,ran,ombre,vyakti,ensan,tcilavek,
hayelninbatit,child,haydza,ninyo,batca,ayel,dita,
patmelawjimuh,wife,lawpo,muher,patni,merat,jina,
malawpatgozmuj,husband,lawgon,marido,pati,goz,muj,
mamad,mother,mama,madre,ma,om,mama,
babadet,father,baba,padre,pita,ab,atets,
dunimdjanhayjiv,animal,dunwu,animal,djanvar,hayawan,jivotna,
yiripezamat,fish,yi,pez,matchli,samaka,riba,
nyawpahterptitcir,bird,nyaw,paharo,tciriya,ter,ptitsa,
pergotkalpyos,dog,go,pero,kuta,kalb,pyos,
pyohdcaqamvoc,louse,ca,pyoho,dju,qamla,voc,
carsaphanzmiy,snake,ca,serpyente,sap,hanac,zmiya,
guskirdutcyoytcer,worm,tcyoyin,gusano,kira,duda,tcerv,
cugderbol,tree,cu,arbol,per,cagara,deriva,
dsangaboslyes,forest,sanlin,boske,djangal,gaba,lyes,
cudanpalsay,stick,cudja,palo,dandal,asaya,palka,
cweyfrutphalfakplot,fruit,cweygwo,fruta,phal,fakha,plot,
bidjunbez,seed,djundza,semiya,bidj,bezra,semya,
yehapatwaris,leaf,ye,oha,pata,waraqa,list,
gangedjaraikor,root,gan,rais,djar,gedr,korin,
cupkorgetchal,bark,cupi,kortesa,tchal,ged,kara,
florphulzahwatsvit,flower,hwa,flor,phul,zahra,tsvitok,
tsawherneghastrav,grass,tsaw,herba,ghas,negila,trava,
kweracanhabvir,rope,can,kwerda,rasi,habl,virofka,
pipyeltvatgelkoz,skin,pi,pyel,tvatca,geld,koza,
karowmaslah,meat,row,karne,mas,lahma,masa,
cyesanhundamkrof,blood,cye,sangre,hun,dam,krof,
weshadgus,bone,gu,weso,hadi,adm,kost,
djifgrastcardeh,fat,djifan,grasa,tcarbi,dehn,jir,
wevbedandayiy,egg,dan,wevo,anda,beda,yiytso,
djyawsikweroqar,horn,djyaw,kwerno,sig,qarn,rok,
weykolputelhvos,tail,wey,kola,putch,del,hvost,
yimplumpanpiric,feather,yimaw,pluma,pankh,rica,piro,
tofolkabalcar,hair,tofa,kabeyo,bal,car,volasi,
towkabsarasgal,head,tow,kabesa,sar,ras,galava,
ardwodrehakan,ear,ardwo,oreha,kan,wedn,uha,
yenhoklas,eye,yendjin,oho,akh,en,glas,
binakmanarnos,nose,bi,naris,nak,manahir,nos,
bokmuhanrodzwe,mouth,dzwe,boka,muh,hanak,rot,
yatyendatsenzup,tooth,yatci,dyente,dat,sena,zup,
lendcablesyiz,tongue,ca,lengwa,djibh,lesan,yizik,
djidafnyanahnog,fingernail,djidjya,unya,nahun,dafer,nogat,
djyawperegstapye,foot,djyaw,pye,per,regl,stapa,
twepyeregtanag,leg,twe,pyerna,tang,regl,naga,
ciroghutkarod,knee,ci,rodiya,ghutna,rokba,kalena,
cowmanhatruk,hand,cow,mano,hath,id,ruka,
tcibakenklal,wing,tciban,ala,pakh,genah,krilo,
barpedudjiv,belly,dudza,bariga,pet,batn,jivot,
tcantartripmaskic,guts,tcandza,tripas,antari,masarin,kicki,
bodgarakweycey,neck,bodza,kweyo,gardan,raqaba,ceya,
beyspalpitahspin,back,bey,espalda,pith,dahr,spina,
cyonpetchatsedgrut,breast,cyonbu,petco,tchati,sedr,grut,
cinkordilser,heart,cindzan,korason,dil,qalb,sertsi,
gadyagankebet,liver,gan,igado,yakrt,kebd,petcin,
habebitcer,drink,ha,bebe,pi,cereb,pit,
tcakomkhakal,eat,tca,kome,kha,kal,es,
yawmorkatkus,bite,yaw,morde,kat,ad,kusa,
tcwotcuptcusmas,suck,tcwo,tcupa,tcus,mas,sasa,
eskuplivthuktuf,spit,tu,eskupi,thuk,taf,pliva,
ulturagblivom,vomit,tu,vomita,ulti,raga,bliva,
sophuknafdutcwe,blow,tcwe,sopla,phuk,nafah,dut,
hucasrestnafdic,breathe,huci,respira,sas,etnafes,dica,
reidehacyawsmiy,laugh,cyaw,rei,has,dehek,smiya,
cavedekan,see,kan,ve,dekh,caf,vide,
tinyslisun,hear,tin,oy,sun,seme,slica,
djidjansabrefzna,know,djidaw,sabe,djan,eref,zna,
cyanpensotfakdum,think,cyan,pensa,sotc,etfakar,duma,
wanlesugcamtcuy,smell,wan,ole,sugh,cam,tcuya,
temdarhafpay,fear,pa,teme,dar,haf,baya,
cweydorsonamspa,sleep,cwey,dormi,so,nam,spa,
hwovivdji,live,hwo,vivi,dji,ac,ji,
samormat,die,sa,mori,mar,mat,umira,
camatmarqatbiv,kill,ca,mata,mar,qatal,ubiva,
dadpelarhar,fight,dadjya,pelea,lar,harab,baro,
kazikstadalhot,hunt,dalye,kaza,cikar,estad,ahoti,
golmardar,hit,da,golpea,mar,darab,udari,
korezkatcye,cut,tcye,korta,kat,qata,rezat,
fanparacaqban,split,fankay,parti,bant,caq,razdili,
tsapunbhontankal,stab,tsa,apunyala,bhonk,tan,kalo,
djwakharastsar,scratch,djwa,raska,kharotc,harbec,tsarapa,
wakavkhodhafri,dig,wa,kava,khod,hafar,ri,
yoynaderplav,swim,yoyon,nada,ter,am,plava,
feybolitar,fly,fey,bola,ur,tar,lita,
dzowkamectcal,walk,dzow,kamina,tcal,meci,id,
vengeplay,come,lay,veni,a,ge,pri,
yasletanamliz,lie down,tan,yase,let,nam,liza,
senbedzwoqadsid,sit,dzwo,senta,beth,qad,side,
djanwekhalevstay,stand,djan,levanta,khara,weqef,staya,
djwanurafrachir,turn,djwan,hira,mur,laf,vraca,
gilwocwekaepad,fall,lwocya,kae,gir,weqe,pada,
geyda,give,gey,da,de,eda,da,
tenaspakdir,hold,na,tene,pakar,mesek,dirja,
apredjirghus,squeeze,dji,apreta,ghusa,asar,ja,
frotakmarowtir,rub,row,frota,mal,dak,tire,
lavdhogacimi,wash,ci,lava,dho,gasal,mi,
limasponvitsa,wipe,tsa,limpya,pontch,masah,vitira,
halakhitincad,pull,la,hala,khitc,cad,tinu,
tweympuhdhakzaq,push,twey,empuha,dhaka,zaq,pihu,
tiranphenbras,throw,ran,tira,phenk,rama,brasa,
batarabanviz,tie,ban,ata,badh,rabat,viza,
fankosihay,sew,fan,kose,si,hayat,ci,
koncud,count,cu,konta,gin,ad,cita,
decwokahqalskaz,say,cwo,desi,kah,qal,skaza,
tcankanpe,sing,tcan,kanta,ga,gana,pe,
wanhughelebgra,play,wan,huga,khel,leb,igra,
fuflotermpli,float,fu,flota,ter,am,pli,
fluibahgelyotet,flow,lyo,flui,bah,geri,tetc,
dondjamtala,freeze,dondjye,ela,djam,talag,zamorznu,
pontcadwerpuh,swell,pondjan,intca,sudj,werem,puhnu,
taysolcam,sun,tayan,sol,suradj,cams,sontsa,
yeluntcadqam,moon,yelyan,luna,tcad,qamar,luna,
estreytarzvicineg,star,cin,estreya,tara,negma,zvizda,
cweygwapanayvad,water,cwey,agwa,pani,maya,vada,
yivbarmatoc,rain,yi,yuvya,baris,matar,doct,
rionadnaharik,river,ha,rio,nadi,nahr,rika,
djhulagbohzir,lake,hu,lago,djhil,bohera,ozira,
samarbahay,sea,hay,mar,samandar,bahr,mori,
yenamalsal,salt,yen,sal,namak,malh,sol,
capyedpathagam,stone,ca,pyedra,pathar,hagar,kamin,
arenretpica,sand,ca,arena,ret,ramla,pisok,
tcanpoldhultor,dust,tcantu,polvo,dhul,torab,pil,
dityerdharzim,earth,ditcyow,tyera,dharti,ard,zimla,
yinubadsehblak,cloud,yin,nube,badal,sehaba,oblaka,
wudhunyebcabtum,fog,wu,nyebla,dhundh,cabura,tuman,
tyenebsyelsmansam,sky,tyen,syelo,asman,sama,neba,
vyenhafonhawvet,wind,fon,vyento,hava,hawa,vetir,
cyenyebartalsnek,snow,cye,nyebe,barf,talg,snek,
binyelotalbar,ice,bin,yelo,barf,talg,lot,
yenodhuadohdim,smoke,yen,umo,dhua,dohan,dim,
hwofwegonar,fire,hwo,fwego,ag,nar,agon,
hweysenrakrampep,ashes,hweydjin,senisas,rakh,ramad,pepil,
cawkemharjedjal,burn,caw,kema,djal,haraq,jetc,
kamsaluputar,road,lu,kamino,sarak,tariq,put,
canongapahgar,mountain,can,montanya,pahar,gabal,gara,
ahmalarohunkras,red,hun,roho,lal,ahmar,krasni,
veliharhdarzil,green,li,verde,hara,ahdar,ziloni,
hwanarpilsfarjol,yellow,hwan,amariyo,pila,asfar,jolti,
bayblansafbyadbel,white,bay,blanko,safed,abyad,beli,
heynegalswedcor,black,hey,negro,kala,eswed,tcorni,
yewnotlerat,night,yewan,notce,rat,lela,notc,
bayomdiadin,day,baytyen,dia,din,yom,den,
salsanyengot,year,nyen,anyo,sal,sana,got,
wankaldaftyop,warm,wanwan,kalido,garm,dafi,tyopli,
friothanbalanhal,cold,lan,frio,thanda,bard,halodni,
yemanalpur,full,man,yeno,pura,malyan,polni,
cinwevnaygednov,new,cin,nwevo,naya,gedid,novi,
vyehpulawqadstar,old,law,vyeho,purana,qadim,stari,
bwentchawtayhor,good,haw,bweno,atcha,tayeb,horoci,
malburwehwayploh,bad,hway,malo,bura,wehec,plohoy,
podsalanafgnil,rotten,lan,podrido,sara,mafen,gniloy,
dzanganwesusgraz,dirty,dzan,susyo,ganda,weseh,grazni,
djaderekprim,straight,dja,rekto,sidha,edel,primoy,
yenedkrugored,round,yen,redondo,gol,medawar,krugli,
agudikhamstli,sharp,li,agudo,tikha,hami,ostri,
dunbotelkuntup,dull,dun,embotado,kund,telem,tupoy,
lisglatcigwanae,smooth,gwanhwa,liso,tcikna,naem,glatki,
camohmabmogil,wet,ca,mohado,gila,mablul,mokri,
seganacuh,dry,gan,seko,sukha,nacef,suhoy,
dwekorsahprav,correct,dwe,korekto,sahi,sah,pravilni,
djinazqorbliser,near,djin,serka,nazdik,qorayeb,bliski,
yendulehbei,far,yen,lehos,dur,beid,dalyoki,
derdahyomprav,right,yo,deretca,dahina,yemin,pravi,
dzwoskyerevbaycem,left,dzwo,iskyerda,baya,cemal,levi,
dzaypen,at,dzay,a,pe,and,u,
dzaynefe,in,dzayli,en,me,fe,v,
ganasat,with,gan,kon,sath,ma,s,
harwe,and,ha,i,or,we,i,
rugaryesi,if,rugwo,si,agar,eza,yesli,
porkyincanpat,because,yinwey,porke,kyonki,acan,patamucta,
mins,name,mindza,nombre,nam,esm,ima,
____________________
____________________
Thu Sep  1 22:17:39 2016
debicparazdol,must,bici,debe,par,lazim,dolji,
____________________
____________________
Thu Sep  1 22:29:42 2016
tcivarah,go,tci,va,dja,rah,id,
____________________
____________________
Thu Sep  1 22:35:21 2016
cadyemsamwaqvrem,time,cadjyan,tyempo,samay,waqt,vremya,
diflugdjagmakmes,place,difan,lugar,djagah,makan,mesta,
____________________
____________________
Thu Sep  1 22:59:02 2016
cadyemsamwaqvrem,time,cadjyen,tyempo,samay,waqt,vremya,
____________________
____________________
Sun Sep  4 19:23:20 2016
panigmitruksad,friend,panyo,amigo,mitra,sadiq,druk,
____________________
____________________
Mon Sep  5 13:58:16 2016
yotenepas,have,yo,tene,pas,ind,ime,
____________________
____________________
Mon Sep  5 14:05:30 2016
tsapalkilslov,word,tsa,palabra,cabd,kilma,slova,
____________________
____________________
Mon Sep  5 14:11:05 2016
kwaypedukushet,piece,kway,pedazo,tukra,heta,kusok,
____________________
____________________
Mon Sep  5 14:20:59 2016
wecporehkyopat,why,wecanma,porke,kyo,leh,patcimu,
nanihlanpriv,hi,nihaw,ola,namaste,ahlan,privet,
adyoslalvidzaypak,bye,dzaydjyen,adyos,alvida,ilaliqa,paka,
____________________
____________________
Tue Sep  6 10:48:21 2016
lyowsitchehcesei,six,lyow,seis,tcheh,sita,cest,
syetcitsabsem,seven,tci,syete,sat,saba,sem,
batcotamvos,eight,ba,otco,ath,tamaniya,vosim,
djyownwevnotisdev,nine,djyow,nweve,no,tisa,devit,
dyecadasra,ten,ca,dyes,das,acra,desit,
selinulcunsif,zero,lin,sero,cunya,sifr,nul,
____________________
____________________
Tue Sep 13 14:40:06 2016
tavaheyana,she,ta,eya,vah,heya,ana,
kotcagarabmac,car,tca,kotce,gari,arabiya,macina,
tsasotuabanir,washroom,tsaswo,banyo,cotcalay,mirhad,tualet,
____________________
