miniExamples/protoCogLang/README.md, before:

# proto-cog-lang

# Stats

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_language_families#Major_language_families

| Family                      |   Current Speakers    |
| ---                         |   ---                 |
| Indo-European languages     |   2,910,000,000       |
| Sino-Tibetan languages      |   1,268,000,000       |
| Niger–Congo languages       |   437,000,000         |
| Austronesian languages      |   386,000,000         |
| Afro-Asiatic languages      |   380,000,000         |

# Swadesh Lists

1. [Proto-Indo-European](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:Proto-Indo-European_Swadesh_list)

1. [Proto-Austronesian](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:Proto-Austronesian_Swadesh_list)

1. [Proto-Indo-Iranian](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:Proto-Indo-Iranian_Swadesh_list)

1. [Proto-Balto-Slavic](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:Proto-Balto-Slavic_Swadesh_list)

1. [Proto-Slavic](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:Proto-Slavic_Swadesh_list)

# Notes

 * Simplified phonology.
 * First entries only (if any) per word, per language.

Commit message:

make consistent with rest of project format

miniExamples/protoCogLang/README.md, after:

# CogLang Sub-Project: Proto-Cog-Lang

Output word list: [output.txt](https://github.com/hchiam/cognateLanguage/blob/master/miniExamples/protoCogLang/output.txt)

Following the same process as that of the ["Cognate Language" project](https://github.com/hchiam/cognateLanguage), this is a mini test version to create a word list to serve as a mnemonic tool for a few other languages of interest, but this one uses *[proto-languages](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proto-language)*.

# Swadesh Lists

Source languages:

1. [Proto-Indo-European](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:Proto-Indo-European_Swadesh_list)

1. [Proto-Austronesian](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:Proto-Austronesian_Swadesh_list)

1. [Proto-Indo-Iranian](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:Proto-Indo-Iranian_Swadesh_list)

1. [Proto-Balto-Slavic](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:Proto-Balto-Slavic_Swadesh_list)

1. [Proto-Slavic](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:Proto-Slavic_Swadesh_list)

# Stats

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_language_families#Major_language_families

| Family                      |   Current Speakers    |
| ---                         |   ---                 |
| Indo-European languages     |   2,910,000,000       |
| Sino-Tibetan languages      |   1,268,000,000       |
| Niger–Congo languages       |   437,000,000         |
| Austronesian languages      |   386,000,000         |
| Afro-Asiatic languages      |   380,000,000         |

# Notes

 * Simplified phonology.
 * First entries only (if any) per word, per language.
